
Bulbasaur (Japanese: フシギダネ Fushigidane) is a dual-type Grass/Poison Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
The seed on its back is filled with nutrients. The seed grows steadily larger as its body grows.



Ivysaur (Japanese: フシギソウ Fushigisou) is a dual-type Grass/Poison Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Exposure to sunlight adds to its strength. Sunlight also makes the bud on its back grow larger.



Venusaur (Japanese: フシギバナ Fushigibana) is a dual-type Grass/Poison Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
There is a large flower on Venusaur’s back. The flower is said to take on vivid colors if it gets plenty of nutrition and sunlight. The flower’s aroma soothes the emotions of people.



Charmander (Japanese: ヒトカゲ Hitokage) is a Fire-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
The flame on its tail indicates Charmander’s life force. If it is healthy, the flame burns brightly.




Charmeleon (Japanese: リザード Lizardo) is a Fire-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Charmeleon mercilessly destroys its foes using its sharp claws. If it encounters a strong foe, it turns aggressive. In this excited state, the flame at the tip of its tail flares with a bluish white color.



Charizard (Japanese: リザードン Lizardon) is a dual-type Fire/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Charizard flies around the sky in search of powerful opponents. It breathes fire of such great heat that it melts anything. However, it never turns its fiery breath on any opponent weaker than itself.
Charizard has three other forms. It can Mega Evolve into two forms: Mega Charizard X using Charizardite X and Mega Charizard Y using Charizardite Y. It also has a Gigantamax form.




Squirtle (Japanese: ゼニガメ Zenigame) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Squirtle’s shell is not merely used for protection. The shell’s rounded shape and the grooves on its surface help minimize resistance in water, enabling this Pokémon to swim at high speeds.




Wartortle (Japanese: カメール Kameil) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Its tail is large and covered with a rich, thick fur. The tail becomes increasingly deeper in color as Wartortle ages. The scratches on its shell are evidence of this Pokémon’s toughness as a battler.



Blastoise (Japanese: カメックス Kamex) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Blastoise has water spouts that protrude from its shell. The water spouts are very accurate. They can shoot bullets of water with enough accuracy to strike empty cans from a distance of over 160 feet.
Blastoise has two other forms. It can Mega Evolve into Mega Blastoise using the Blastoisinite. It also has a Gigantamax form that was introduced in The Isle of Armor.



Caterpie (Japanese: キャタピー Caterpie) is a Bug-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Caterpie has a voracious appetite. It can devour leaves bigger than its body right before your eyes. From its antenna, this Pokémon releases a terrifically strong odor.



Metapod (Japanese: トランセル Transel) is a Bug-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
The shell covering this Pokémon’s body is as hard as an iron slab. Metapod does not move very much. It stays still because it is preparing its soft innards for evolution inside the hard shell.




Butterfree (Japanese: バタフリー Butterfree) is a dual-type Bug/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Butterfree has a superior ability to search for delicious honey from flowers. It can even search out, extract, and carry honey from flowers that are blooming over six miles from its nest.



Weedle (Japanese: ビードル Beedle) is a dual-type Bug/Poison Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Weedle has an extremely acute sense of smell. It is capable of distinguishing its favorite kinds of leaves from those it dislikes just by sniffing with its big red proboscis (nose).



Kakuna (Japanese: コクーン Cocoon) is a dual-type Bug/Poison Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Kakuna remains virtually immobile as it clings to a tree. However, on the inside, it is extremely busy as it prepares for its coming evolution. This is evident from how hot the shell becomes to the touch.


Beedrill (Japanese: スピアー Spear) is a dual-type Bug/Poison Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Beedrill is extremely territorial. No one should ever approach its nest – this is for their own safety. If angered, they will attack in a furious swarm.



Pidgey (Japanese: ポッポ Poppo) is a dual-type Normal/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Pidgey has an extremely sharp sense of direction. It is capable of unerringly returning home to its nest, however far it may be removed from its familiar surroundings.



Pidgeotto (Japanese: ピジョン Pigeon) is a dual-type Normal/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Pidgeotto claims a large area as its own territory. This Pokémon flies around, patrolling its living space. If its territory is violated, it shows no mercy in thoroughly punishing the foe with its sharp claws.



Pidgeot (Japanese: ピジョット Pigeot) is a dual-type Normal/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
This Pokémon has a dazzling plumage of beautifully glossy feathers. Many Trainers are captivated by the striking beauty of the feathers on its head, compelling them to choose Pidgeot as their Pokémon.



Rattata (Japanese: コラッタ Koratta) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Rattata is cautious in the extreme. Even while it is asleep, it constantly listens by moving its ears around. It is not picky about where it lives - it will make its nest anywhere.



Raticate (Japanese: ラッタ Ratta) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Raticate's sturdy fangs grow steadily. To keep them ground down, it gnaws on rocks and logs. It may even chew on the walls of houses.



Spearow (Japanese: オニスズメ Onisuzume) is a dual-type Normal/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation I. 
Spearow has a very loud cry that can be heard over half a mile away. If its high, keening cry is heard echoing all around, it is a sign that they are warning each other of danger.



Fearow (Japanese: オニドリル Onidrill) is a dual-type Normal/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Fearow is recognized by its long neck and elongated beak. They are conveniently shaped for catching prey in soil or water. It deftly moves its long and skinny beak to pluck prey.


Ekans (Japanese: アーボ Arbo) is a Poison-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Ekans curls itself up in a spiral while it rests. Assuming this position allows it to quickly respond to a threat from any direction with a glare from its upraised head.



Arbok (Japanese: アーボック Arbok) is a Poison-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
This Pokémon is terrifically strong in order to constrict things with its body. It can even flatten steel oil drums. Once Arbok wraps its body around its foe, escaping its crunching embrace is impossible.



Pikachu (Japanese: ピカチュウ Pikachu) is an Electric-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Whenever Pikachu comes across something new, it blasts it with a jolt of electricity. If you come across a blackened berry, it's evidence that this Pokémon mistook the intensity of its charge. This Pokémon has electricity-storing pouches on its cheeks. These appear to become electrically charged during the night while Pikachu sleeps. It occasionally discharges electricity when it is dozy after waking up.




Raichu (Japanese: ライチュウ Raichu) is an Electric-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.

If the electrical sacks become excessively charged, Raichu plants its tail in the ground and discharges. Scorched patches of ground will be found near this Pokémon's nest. 
This Pokémon exudes a weak electrical charge from all over its body that makes it take on a slight glow in darkness. Raichu searches for electricity by planting its tail in the ground.



Sandshrew (Japanese: サンド Sand) is a Ground-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I. 
Sandshrew's body is configured to absorb water without waste, enabling it to survive in an arid desert. This Pokémon curls up to protect itself from its enemies.


Sandslash (Japanese: サンドパン Sandpan) is a Ground-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Sandslash can roll up its body as if it were a ball covered with large spikes. In battle, this Pokémon will try to make the foe flinch by jabbing it with its spines. It then leaps at the stunned foe to tear wildly with its sharp claws.



Nidoran (Japanese: ニドラン♀ Nidoran) is a Poison-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Nidoran has barbs that secrete a powerful poison. They are thought to have developed as protection for this small-bodied Pokémon. When enraged, it releases a horrible toxin from its horn.



Nidorina (Japanese: ニドリーナ Nidorina) is a Poison-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
When Nidorina are with their friends or family, they keep their barbs tucked away to prevent hurting each other. This Pokémon appears to become nervous if separated from the others.



Nidoqueen (Japanese: ニドクイン Nidoqueen) is a dual-type Poison/Ground Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Nidoqueen's body is encased in extremely hard scales. It is adept at sending foes flying with harsh tackles. This Pokémon is at its strongest when it is defending its young.



Nidoran (Japanese: ニドラン♂ Nidoran) is a Poison-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
The male Nidoran has developed muscles for moving its ears. Thanks to them, the ears can be freely moved in any direction. Even the slightest sound does not escape this Pokémon's notice.



Nidorino (Japanese: ニドリーノ Nidorino) is a Poison-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Nidorino has a horn that is harder than a diamond. If it senses a hostile presence, all the barbs on its back bristle up at once, and it challenges the foe with all its might.



Nidoking (Japanese: ニドキング Nidoking) is a dual-type Poison/Ground Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Nidoking's thick tail packs enormously destructive power. With one swing, it can topple a metal transmission tower. Once this Pokémon goes on a rampage, there is no stopping it.



Clefairy (Japanese: ピッピ Pippi) is a Fairy-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I. Prior to Generation VI, it was a Normal-type Pokémon.
On every night of a full moon, groups of this Pokémon come out to play. When dawn arrives, the tired Clefairy return to their quiet mountain retreats and go to sleep nestled up against each other.



Clefable (Japanese: ピクシー Pixy) is a Fairy-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I. Prior to Generation VI, it was a Normal-type Pokémon.
Clefable moves by skipping lightly as if it were flying using its wings. Its bouncy step lets it even walk on water. It is known to take strolls on lakes on quiet, moonlit nights.



Vulpix (Japanese: ロコン Rokon) is a Fire-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
At the time of its birth, Vulpix has one white tail. The tail separates into six if this Pokémon receives plenty of love from its Trainer. The six tails become magnificently curled.



Ninetales (Japanese: キュウコン Kyukon) is a Fire-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Ninetales casts a sinister light from its bright red eyes to gain total control over its foe's mind. This Pokémon is said to live for a thousand years. 



Jigglypuff (Japanese: プリン Purin) is a dual-type Normal/Fairy Pokémon introduced in Generation I. Prior to Generation VI, it was a pure Normal-type Pokémon.
Jigglypuff's vocal chords can freely adjust the wavelength of its voice. This Pokémon uses this ability to sing at precisely the right wavelength to make its foes most drowsy.




Wigglytuff (Japanese: プクリン Pukurin) is a dual-type Normal/Fairy Pokémon introduced in Generation I. Prior to Generation VI, it was a pure Normal-type Pokémon.
Wigglytuff has large, saucerlike eyes. The surfaces of its eyes are always covered with a thin layer of tears. If any dust gets in this Pokémon's eyes, it is quickly washed away.




Zubat (Japanese: ズバット Zubat) is a dual-type Poison/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Zubat remains quietly unmoving in a dark spot during the bright daylight hours. It does so because prolonged exposure to the sun causes its body to become slightly burned.




Golbat (Japanese: ゴルバット Golbat) is a dual-type Poison/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Golbat loves to drink the blood of living things. It is particularly active in the pitch black of night. This Pokémon flits around in the night skies, seeking fresh blood.




Oddish (Japanese: ナゾノクサ Nazonokusa) is a dual-type Grass/Poison Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
During the daytime, Oddish buries itself in soil to absorb nutrients from the ground using its entire body. The more fertile the soil, the glossier its leaves become.




Gloom (Japanese: クサイハナ Kusaihana) is a dual-type Grass/Poison Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Gloom releases a foul fragrance from the pistil of its flower. When faced with danger, the stench worsens. If this Pokémon is feeling calm and secure, it does not release its usual stinky aroma.




Vileplume (Japanese: ラフレシア Ruffresia) is a dual-type Grass/Poison Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Vileplume's toxic pollen triggers atrocious allergy attacks. That's why it is advisable never to approach any attractive flowers in a jungle, however pretty they may be.



Paras (Japanese: パラス Paras) is a dual-type Bug/Grass Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Paras has parasitic mushrooms growing on its back called tochukaso. They grow large by drawing nutrients from this Bug/Grass Pokémon host. They are highly valued as a medicine for extending life.



Parasect (Japanese: パラセクト Parasect) is a dual-type Bug/Grass Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Parasect is known to infest large trees en masse and drain nutrients from the lower trunk and roots. When an infested tree dies, they move onto another tree all at once.




Venonat (Japanese: コンパン Kongpang) is a dual-type Bug/Poison Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Venonat is said to have evolved with a coat of thin, stiff hair that covers its entire body for protection. It possesses large eyes that never fail to spot even minuscule prey.




Venomoth (Japanese: モルフォン Morphon) is a dual-type Bug/Poison Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Venomoth is nocturnal - it is a Pokémon that only becomes active at night. Its favorite prey are small insects that gather around streetlights, attracted by the light in the darkness.





Diglett (Japanese: ディグダ Digda) is a Ground-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Diglett are raised in most farms. The reason is simple - wherever this Pokémon burrows, the soil is left perfectly tilled for planting crops. This soil is made ideal for growing delicious vegetables.




Dugtrio (Japanese: ダグトリオ Dugtrio) is a Ground-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Dugtrio are actually triplets that emerged from one body. As a result, each triplet thinks exactly like the other two triplets. They work cooperatively to burrow endlessly.




Meowth (Japanese: ニャース Nyarth) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Meowth withdraws its sharp claws into its paws to slinkily sneak about without making any incriminating footsteps. For some reason, this Pokémon loves shiny coins that glitter with light.





Persian (Japanese: ペルシアン Persian) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Persian has six bold whiskers that give it a look of toughness. The whiskers sense air movements to determine what is in the Pokémon's surrounding vicinity. It becomes docile if grabbed by the whiskers.




Psyduck (Japanese: コダック Koduck) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Psyduck uses a mysterious power. When it does so, this Pokémon generates brain waves that are supposedly only seen in sleepers. This discovery spurred controversy among scholars.



Golduck (Japanese: ゴルダック Golduck) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
The webbed flippers on its forelegs and hind legs and the streamlined body of Golduck give it frightening speed. This Pokémon is much faster than even the most athletic swimmer.



Mankey (Japanese: マンキー Mankey) is a Fighting-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
When Mankey starts shaking and its nasal breathing turns rough, it's a sure sign that it is becoming angry. However, because it goes into a towering rage almost instantly, it is impossible for anyone to flee its wrath.



Primeape (Japanese: オコリザル Okorizaru) is a Fighting-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
When Primeape becomes furious, its blood circulation is boosted. In turn, its muscles are made even stronger. However, it also becomes much less intelligent at the same time.



Growlithe (Japanese: ガーディ Gardie) is a Fire-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Growlithe has a superb sense of smell. Once it smells anything, this Pokémon won't forget the scent, no matter what. It uses its advanced olfactory sense to determine the emotions of other living things.



Arcanine (Japanese: ウインディ Windie) is a Fire-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Arcanine is known for its high speed. It is said to be capable of running over 6,200 miles in a single day and night. The fire that blazes wildly within this Pokémon's body is its source of power.



Poliwag (Japanese: ニョロモ Nyoromo) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Poliwag has a very thin skin. It is possible to see the Pokémon's spiral innards right through the skin. Despite its thinness, however, the skin is also very flexible. Even sharp fangs bounce right off it.



Poliwhirl (Japanese: ニョロゾ Nyorozo) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
The surface of Poliwhirl's body is always wet and slick with an oily fluid. Because of this greasy covering, it can easily slip and slide out of the clutches of any enemy in battle.



Poliwrath (Japanese: ニョロボン Nyorobon) is a dual-type Water/Fighting Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Poliwrath's highly developed, brawny muscles never grow fatigued, however much it exercises. It is so tirelessly strong, this Pokémon can swim back and forth across the Pacific Ocean without effort.



Abra (Japanese: ケーシィ Casey) is a Psychic-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Abra sleeps for eighteen hours a day. However, it can sense the presence of foes even while it is sleeping. In such a situation, this Pokémon immediately teleports to safety.



Kadabra (Japanese: ユンゲラー Yungerer) is a Psychic-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Kadabra holds a silver spoon in its hand. The spoon is used to amplify the alpha waves in its brain. Without the spoon, the Pokémon is said to be limited to half the usual amount of its telekinetic powers.



Alakazam (Japanese: フーディン Foodin) is a Psychic-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Alakazam's brain continually grows, infinitely multiplying brain cells. This amazing brain gives this Pokémon an astoundingly high IQ of 5,000. It has a thorough memory of everything that has occurred in the world.



Machop (Japanese: ワンリキー Wanriky) is a Fighting-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Machop's muscles are special - they never get sore no matter how much they are used in exercise. This Pokémon has sufficient power to hurl a hundred adult humans.



Machoke (Japanese: ゴーリキー Goriky) is a Fighting-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Machoke's thoroughly toned muscles possess the hardness of steel. This Pokémon has so much strength, it can easily hold aloft a sumo wrestler on just one finger.




Machamp (Japanese: カイリキー Kairiky) is a Fighting-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Machamp has the power to hurl anything aside. However, trying to do any work requiring care and dexterity causes its arms to get tangled. This Pokémon tends to leap into action before it thinks.




Bellsprout (Japanese: マダツボミ Madatsubomi) is a dual-type Grass/Poison Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
A Bellsprout's thin and flexible body lets it bend and sway to avoid any attack, however strong it may be. From its mouth, it leaks a fluid that melts even iron.




Weepinbell (Japanese: ウツドン Utsudon) is a dual-type Grass/Poison Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Weepinbell has a large hook on its rear end. At night, the Pokémon hooks on to a tree branch and goes to sleep. If it moves around in its sleep, it may wake up to find itself on the ground.



Victreebel (Japanese: ウツボット Utsubot) is a dual-type Grass/Poison Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Victreebel has a long vine that extends from its head. This vine is waved and flicked about as if it were an animal to attract prey. When an unsuspecting prey draws near, this Pokémon swallows it whole.




Tentacool (Japanese: メノクラゲ Menokurage) is a dual-type Water/Poison Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Tentacool's body is largely composed of water. If it is removed from the sea, it dries up like parchment. If this Pokémon happens to become dehydrated, put it back into the sea.





Tentacruel (Japanese: ドククラゲ Dokukurage) is a dual-type Water/Poison Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Tentacruel has large red orbs on its head. The orbs glow before lashing the vicinity with a harsh ultrasonic blast. This Pokémon's outburst causes rough waves around it.



Geodude (Japanese: イシツブテ Isitsubute) is a dual-type Rock/Ground Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
The longer a Geodude lives, the more its edges are chipped and worn away, making it more rounded in appearance. However, this Pokémon's heart will remain hard, craggy, and rough always.



Graveler (Japanese: ゴローン Golone) is a dual-type Rock/Ground Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Graveler grows by feeding on rocks. Apparently, it prefers to eat rocks that are covered in moss. This Pokémon eats it way through a ton of rocks on a daily basis.



Golem (Japanese: ゴローニャ Golonya) is a dual-type Rock/Ground Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Golem is known for rolling down from mountains. To prevent them from rolling into the homes of people downhill, grooves have been dug into the sides of mountains to serve as guideways for diverting this Pokémon's course.



Ponyta (Japanese: ポニータ Ponyta) is a Fire-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Ponyta is very weak at birth. It can barely stand up. This Pokémon becomes stronger by stumbling and falling to keep up with its parent.




Rapidash (Japanese: ギャロップ Gallop) is a Fire-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Rapidash usually can be seen casually cantering in the fields and plains. However, when this Pokémon turns serious, its fiery manes flare and blaze as it gallops its way up to 150 mph.




Slowpoke (Japanese: ヤドン Yadon) is a dual-type Water/Psychic Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Slowpoke uses its tail to catch prey by dipping it in water at the side of a river. However, this Pokémon often forgets what it's doing and often spends entire days just loafing at water's edge.





Slowbro (Japanese: ヤドラン Yadoran) is a dual-type Water/Psychic Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Slowbro's tail has a Shellder firmly attached with a bite. As a result, the tail can't be used for fishing anymore. This causes Slowbro to grudgingly swim and catch prey instead.




Magnemite (Japanese: コイル Coil) is a dual-type Electric/Steel Pokémon introduced in Generation I. Prior to Generation II, it was a pure Electric-type Pokémon.
Magnemite attaches itself to power lines to feed on electricity. If your house has a power outage, check your circuit breakers. You may find a large number of this Pokémon clinging to the breaker box.




Magneton (Japanese: レアコイル Rarecoil) is a dual-type Electric/Steel Pokémon introduced in Generation I. Prior to Generation II, it was a pure Electric-type Pokémon.
Magneton emits a powerful magnetic force that is fatal to mechanical devices. As a result, large cities sound sirens to warn citizens of large-scale outbreaks of this Pokémon.




Farfetch'd (Japanese: カモネギ Kamonegi) is a dual-type Normal/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Farfetch'd is always seen with a stick from a plant of some sort. Apparently, there are good sticks and bad sticks. This Pokémon has been known to fight with others over sticks.




Doduo (Japanese: ドードー Dodo) is a dual-type Normal/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Doduo's two heads never sleep at the same time. Its two heads take turns sleeping, so one head can always keep watch for enemies while the other one sleeps.



Dodrio (Japanese: ドードリオ Dodorio) is a dual-type Normal/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Watch out if Dodrio's three heads are looking in three separate directions. It's a sure sign that it is on its guard. Don't go near this Pokémon if it's being wary - it may decide to peck you.




Seel (Japanese: パウワウ Pawou) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Seel hunts for prey in the frigid sea underneath sheets of ice. When it needs to breathe, it punches a hole through the ice with the sharply protruding section of its head.




Dewgong (Japanese: ジュゴン Jugon) is a dual-type Water/Ice Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Dewgong loves to snooze on bitterly cold ice. The sight of this Pokémon sleeping on a glacier was mistakenly thought to be a mermaid by a mariner long ago.



Grimer (Japanese: ベトベター Betbeter) is a Poison-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Grimer's sludgy and rubbery body can be forced through any opening, however small it may be. This Pokémon enters sewer pipes to drink filthy wastewater.



Muk (Japanese: ベトベトン Betbeton) is a Poison-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
From Muk's body seeps a foul fluid that gives off a nose-bendingly horrible stench. Just one drop of this Pokémon's body fluid can turn a pool stagnant and rancid.



Shellder (Japanese: シェルダー Shellder) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
At night, this Pokémon uses its broad tongue to burrow a hole in the seafloor sand and then sleep in it. While it is sleeping, Shellder closes its shell, but leaves its tongue hanging out.



Cloyster (Japanese: パルシェン Parshen) is a dual-type Water/Ice Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Cloyster is capable of swimming in the sea. It does so by swallowing water, then jetting it out toward the rear. This Pokémon shoots spikes from its shell using the same system.




Gastly (Japanese: ゴース Ghos) is a dual-type Ghost/Poison Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Gastly is largely composed of gaseous matter. When exposed to a strong wind, the gaseous body quickly dwindles away. Groups of this Pokémon cluster under the eaves of houses to escape the ravages of wind.




Haunter (Japanese: ゴースト Ghost) is a dual-type Ghost/Poison Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Haunter is a dangerous Pokémon. If one beckons you while floating in darkness, you must never approach it. This Pokémon will try to lick you with its tongue and steal your life away.




Gengar (Japanese: ゲンガー Gangar) is a dual-type Ghost/Poison Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Sometimes, on a dark night, your shadow thrown by a streetlight will suddenly and startlingly overtake you. It is actually a Gengar running past you, pretending to be your shadow.





Onix (Japanese: イワーク Iwark) is a dual-type Rock/Ground Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Onix has a magnet in its brain. It acts as a compass so that this Pokémon does not lose direction while it is tunneling. As it grows older, its body becomes increasingly rounder and smoother.




Drowzee (Japanese: スリープ Sleepe) is a Psychic-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
If your nose becomes itchy while you are sleeping, it's a sure sign that one of these Pokémon is standing above your pillow and trying to eat your dream through your nostrils.




Hypno (Japanese: スリーパー Sleeper) is a Psychic-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Hypno holds a pendulum in its hand. The arcing movement and glitter of the pendulum lull the foe into a deep state of hypnosis. While this Pokémon searches for prey, it polishes the pendulum.




Krabby (Japanese: クラブ Crab) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Krabby live on beaches, burrowed inside holes dug into the sand. On sandy beaches with little in the way of food, these Pokémon can be seen squabbling with each other over territory.





Kingler (Japanese: キングラー Kingler) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Kingler has an enormous, over sized claw. It waves this huge claw in the air to communicate with others. However, because the claw is so heavy, the Pokémon quickly tires.




Voltorb (Japanese: ビリリダマ Biriridama) is an Electric-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Voltorb was first sighted at a company that manufactures Poké Balls. The link between that sighting and the fact that this Pokémon looks very similar to a Poké Ball remains a mystery.




Electrode (Japanese: マルマイン Marumine) is an Electric-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Electrode eats electricity in the atmosphere. On days when lightning strikes, you can see this Pokémon exploding all over the place from eating too much electricity.



Exeggcute (Japanese: タマタマ Tamatama) is a dual-type Grass/Psychic Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
This Pokémon consists of six eggs that form a closely knit cluster. The six eggs attract each other and spin around. When cracks increasingly appear on the eggs, Exeggcute is close to evolution.





Exeggutor (Japanese: ナッシー Nassy) is a dual-type Grass/Psychic Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Exeggutor originally came from the tropics. Its heads steadily grow larger from exposure to strong sunlight. It is said that when the heads fall off, they group together to form Exeggcute.



Cubone (Japanese: カラカラ Karakara) is a Ground-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Cubone pines for the mother it will never see again. Seeing a likeness of its mother in the full moon, it cries. The stains on the skull the Pokémon wears are made by the tears it sheds.



Marowak (Japanese: ガラガラ Garagara) is a Ground-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Marowak is the evolved form of a Cubone that has overcome its sadness at the loss of its mother and grown tough. This Pokémon's tempered and hardened spirit is not easily broken.


Hitmonlee (Japanese: サワムラー Sawamular) is a Fighting-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Hitmonlee's legs freely contract and stretch. Using these springlike legs, it bowls over foes with devastating kicks. After battle, it rubs down its legs and loosens the muscles to overcome fatigue.


Hitmonchan (Japanese: エビワラー Ebiwalar) is a Fighting-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
A Hitmonchan is said to possess the spirit of a boxer who had been working towards a world championship. This Pokémon has an indomitable spirit and will never give up in the face of adversity.


Lickitung (Japanese: ベロリンガ Beroringa) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Whenever Lickitung comes across something new, it will unfailingly give it a lick. It does so because it memorizes things by texture and by taste. It is somewhat put off by sour things.




Koffing (Japanese: ドガース Dogars) is a Poison-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
If Koffing becomes agitated, it raises the toxicity of its internal gases and then jets them out from all over its body. This Pokémon may overinflate its round body, then explode.


Weezing (Japanese: マタドガス Matadogas) is a Poison-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Weezing loves the gases given off by rotted kitchen garbage. This Pokémon will find a dirty, unkempt house and make it its home. At night, when the people in the house are asleep, it will go through the trash.


Rhyhorn (Japanese: サイホーン Sihorn) is a dual-type Ground/Rock Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Rhyhorn runs in a straight line, smashing everything in its path. It is not bothered even if it rushes headlong into a block of steel. This Pokémon may feel some pain from the collision the next day, however.


Rhydon (Japanese: サイドン Sidon) is a dual-type Ground/Rock Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Rhydon's horn can crush even uncut diamonds. One sweeping blow of its tail can topple a building. This Pokémon's hide is extremely tough. Even direct cannon hits don't leave a scratch.



Chansey (Japanese: ラッキー Lucky) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Chansey lays nutritionally excellent eggs on an everyday basis. The eggs are so delicious, they are easily and eagerly devoured by even those people who have lost their appetite.



Tangela (Japanese: モンジャラ Monjara) is a Grass-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Tangela's vines snap off easily if they are grabbed. This happens without pain, allowing it to make a quick getaway. The lost vines are replaced by newly grown vines the very next day.



Kangaskhan (Japanese: ガルーラ Garura) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
If you come across a young Kangaskhan playing by itself, you must never disturb it or attempt to catch it. The baby Pokémon's parent is sure to be in the area, and it will become violently enraged at you.



Horsea (Japanese: タッツー Tattu) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Horsea eats small insects and moss off of rocks. If the ocean current turns fast, this Pokémon anchors itself by wrapping its tail around rocks or coral to prevent being washed away.



Seadra (Japanese: シードラ Seadra) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Seadra sleeps after wriggling itself between the branches of coral. Those trying to harvest coral are occasionally stung by this Pokémon's poison barbs if they fail to notice it.


Goldeen (Japanese: トサキント Tosakinto) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Goldeen is a very beautiful Pokémon with fins that billow elegantly in water. However, don't let your guard down around this Pokémon - it could ram you powerfully with its horn.


Seaking (Japanese: アズマオウ Azumao) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Seaking is very protective of its eggs. The male and female will take turns patrolling around their nest and eggs. The guarding of eggs by these Pokémon goes on for over a month.



Staryu (Japanese: ヒトデマン Hitodeman) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Staryu's center section has an organ called the core that shines bright red. If you go to a beach toward the end of summer, the glowing cores of these Pokémon look like the stars in the sky.


Starmie (Japanese: スターミー Starmie) is a dual-type Water/Psychic Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Starmie's center section - the core - glows brightly in seven colors. Because of its luminous nature, this Pokémon has been given the nickname "the gem of the sea."



Mr. Mime (Japanese: バリヤード Barrierd) is a dual-type Psychic/Fairy Pokémon introduced in Generation I. Prior to Generation VI, it was a pure Psychic-type Pokémon.
Mr. Mime is a master of pantomime. Its gestures and motions convince watchers that something unseeable exists. Once it is believed, it will exist as if it were a real thing.



Scyther (Japanese: ストライク Strike) is a dual-type Bug/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Scyther is blindingly fast. Its blazing speed enhances the effectiveness of the twin scythes on its forearms. This Pokémon's scythes are so effective, they can slice through thick logs in one wicked stroke.


Jynx (Japanese: ルージュラ Rougela) is a dual-type Ice/Psychic Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Jynx walks rhythmically, swaying and shaking its hips as if it were dancing. Its motions are so bouncingly alluring, people seeing it are compelled to shake their hips without giving any thought to what they are doing.


Electabuzz (Japanese: エレブー Eleboo) is an Electric-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
When a storm arrives, gangs of this Pokémon compete with each other to scale heights that are likely to be stricken by lightning bolts. Some towns use Electabuzz in place of lightning rods.


Magmar (Japanese: ブーバー Boober) is a Fire-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
When a storm arrives, gangs of this Pokémon compete with each other to scale heights that are likely to be stricken by lightning bolts. Some towns use Electabuzz in place of lightning rods.



Pinsir (Japanese: カイロス Kailios) is a Bug-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Pinsir is astoundingly strong. It can grip a foe weighing twice its weight in its horns and easily lift it. This Pokémon's movements turn sluggish in cold places.


Tauros (Japanese: ケンタロス Kentauros) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
This Pokémon is not satisfied unless it is rampaging at all times. If there is no opponent for Tauros to battle, it will charge at thick trees and knock them down to calm itself.


Magikarp (Japanese: コイキング Koiking) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Magikarp is a pathetic excuse for a Pokémon that is only capable of flopping and splashing. This behavior prompted scientists to undertake research into it.


Gyarados (Japanese: ギャラドス Gyarados) is a dual-type Water/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
When Magikarp evolves into Gyarados, its brain cells undergo a structural transformation. It is said that this transformation is to blame for this Pokémon's wildly violent nature.


Lapras (Japanese: ラプラス Laplace) is a dual-type Water/Ice Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
People have driven Lapras almost to the point of extinction. In the evenings, this Pokémon is said to sing plaintively as it seeks what few others of its kind still remain.



Ditto (Japanese: メタモン Metamon) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Ditto rearranges its cell structure to transform itself into other shapes. However, if it tries to transform itself into something by relying on its memory, this Pokémon manages to get details wrong.



Eevee (Japanese: イーブイ Eievui) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Eevee has an unstable genetic makeup that suddenly mutates due to the environment in which it lives. Radiation from various stones causes this Pokémon to evolve.



Vaporeon (Japanese: シャワーズ Showers) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Vaporeon underwent a spontaneous mutation and grew fins and gills that allow it to live underwater. This Pokémon has the ability to freely control water.



Jolteon (Japanese: サンダース Thunders) is an Electric-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Jolteon's cells generate a low level of electricity. This power is amplified by the static electricity of its fur, enabling the Pokémon to drop thunderbolts. The bristling fur is made of electrically charged needles.



Flareon (Japanese: ブースター Booster) is a Fire-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Flareon's fluffy fur has a functional purpose - it releases heat into the air so that its body does not get excessively hot. This Pokémon's body temperature can rise to a maximum of 1,650 degrees F.


Porygon (Japanese: ポリゴン Porygon) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Porygon is capable of reverting itself entirely back to program data and entering cyberspace. This Pokémon is copy-protected so it cannot be duplicated by copying.


Omanyte (Japanese: オムナイト Omnite) is a dual-type Rock/Water Fossil Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Omanyte is one of the ancient and long-since-extinct Pokémon that have been regenerated from fossils by people. If attacked by an enemy, it withdraws itself inside its hard shell.




Omastar (Japanese: オムスター Omstar) is a dual-type Rock/Water Fossil Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Omastar uses its tentacles to capture its prey. It is believed to have become extinct because its shell grew too large and heavy, causing its movements to become too slow and ponderous.



Kabuto (Japanese: カブト Kabuto) is a dual-type Rock/Water Fossil Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Kabuto is a Pokémon that has been regenerated from a fossil. However, in extremely rare cases, living examples have been discovered. The Pokémon has not changed at all for 300 million years.



Kabutops (Japanese: カブトプス Kabutops) is a dual-type Rock/Water Fossil Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Kabutops swam underwater to hunt for its prey in ancient times. The Pokémon was apparently evolving from being a water-dweller to living on land as evident from the beginnings of change in its gills and legs.



Aerodactyl (Japanese: プテラ Ptera) is a dual-type Rock/Flying Fossil Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Aerodactyl is a Pokémon from the age of dinosaurs. It was regenerated from genetic material extracted from amber. It is imagined to have been the king of the skies in ancient times.


Snorlax (Japanese: カビゴン Kabigon) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Snorlax's typical day consists of nothing more than eating and sleeping. It is such a docile Pokémon that there are children who use its expansive belly as a place to play.





Articuno (Japanese: フリーザー Freezer) is a dual-type Ice/Flying Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Articuno is a legendary bird Pokémon that can control ice. The flapping of its wings chills the air. As a result, it is said that when this Pokémon flies, snow will fall.




Zapdos (Japanese: サンダー Thunder) is a dual-type Electric/Flying Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Zapdos is a legendary bird Pokémon that has the ability to control electricity. It usually lives in thunderclouds. The Pokémon gains power if it is stricken by lightning bolts.



Moltres (Japanese: ファイヤー Fire) is a dual-type Fire/Flying Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Moltres is a legendary bird Pokémon that has the ability to control fire. If this Pokémon is injured, it is said to dip its body in the molten magma of a volcano to burn and heal itself.


Dratini (Japanese: ミニリュウ Miniryu) is a Dragon-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Dratini continually molts and sloughs off its old skin. It does so because the life energy within its body steadily builds to reach uncontrollable levels.


Dragonair (Japanese: ハクリュー Hakuryu) is a Dragon-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Dragonair stores an enormous amount of energy inside its body. It is said to alter weather conditions in its vicinity by discharging energy from the crystals on its neck and tail.


Dragonite (Japanese: カイリュー Kairyu) is a dual-type Dragon/Flying pseudo-legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Dragonite is capable of circling the globe in just sixteen hours. It is a kindhearted Pokémon that leads lost and foundering ships in a storm to the safety of land.






Mewtwo (Japanese: ミュウツー Mewtwo) is a Psychic-type Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Mewtwo is a Pokémon that was created by genetic manipulation. However, even though the scientific power of humans created this Pokémon's body, they failed to endow Mewtwo with a compassionate heart. Its DNA is almost the same as Mew's. However, its size and disposition are vastly different.
While it is not known to evolve into or from any other Pokémon, Mewtwo can Mega Evolve into two different forms: Mega Mewtwo X using Mewtwonite X and Mega Mewtwo Y using Mewtwonite Y.



Mew (Japanese: ミュウ Mew) is a Psychic-type Mythical Pokémon introduced in Generation I.
Mew is said to possess the genetic composition of all Pokémon. It is capable of making itself invisible at will, so it entirely avoids notice even if it approaches people. It's very intelligent and can use an incredible variety of moves. Many believe that all other Pokémon are descendants of this one.




























Generation 2: 


Chikorita (Japanese: チコリータ Chicorita) is a Grass-type Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
It's very intelligent and can use an incredible variety of moves. Many believe that all other Pokémon are descendants of this one.



Bayleef (Japanese: ベイリーフ Bayleaf) is a Grass-type Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Bayleef's neck is ringed by curled-up leaves. Inside each tubular leaf is a small shoot of a tree. The fragrance of this shoot makes people peppy.



Meganium (Japanese: メガニウム Meganium) is a Grass-type Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
The fragrance of Meganium's flower soothes and calms emotions. In battle, this Pokémon gives off more of its becalming scent to blunt the foe's fighting spirit.



Cyndaquil (Japanese: ヒノアラシ Hinoarashi) is a Fire-type Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Cyndaquil protects itself by flaring up the flames on its back. The flames are vigorous if the Pokémon is angry. However, if it is tired, the flames sputter fitfully with incomplete combustion.



Quilava (Japanese: マグマラシ Magmarashi) is a Fire-type Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Quilava keeps its foes at bay with the intensity of its flames and gusts of superheated air. This Pokémon applies its outstanding nimbleness to dodge attacks even while scorching the foes with flames.




Typhlosion (Japanese: バクフーン Bakphoon) is a Fire-type Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Typhlosion obscures itself behind a shimmering heat haze that it creates using its intensely hot flames. This Pokémon creates blazing explosive blasts that burn everything to cinders.




Totodile (Japanese: ワニノコ Waninoko) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Despite the smallness of its body, Totodile's jaws are very powerful. While the Pokémon may think it is just playfully nipping, its bite has enough power to cause serious injury.


Croconaw (Japanese: アリゲイツ Alligates) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Once Croconaw has clamped its jaws on its foe, it will absolutely not let go. Because the tips of its fangs are forked back like barbed fishhooks, they become impossible to remove when they have sunk in.



Feraligatr (Japanese: オーダイル Ordile) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Feraligatr intimidates its foes by opening its huge mouth. In battle, it will kick the ground hard with its thick and powerful hind legs to charge at the foe at an incredible speed.



Sentret (Japanese: オタチ Otachi) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
When Sentret sleeps, it does so while another stands guard. The sentry wakes the others at the first sign of danger. When this Pokémon becomes separated from its pack, it becomes incapable of sleep due to fear.



Furret (Japanese: オオタチ Ootachi) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Furret has a very slim build. When under attack, it can slickly squirm through narrow spaces and get away. In spite of its short limbs, this Pokémon is very nimble and fleet.



Hoothoot (Japanese: ホーホー Hoho) is a dual-type Normal/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Hoothoot has an internal organ that senses and tracks the earth's rotation. Using this special organ, this Pokémon begins hooting at precisely the same time every day.



Noctowl (Japanese: ヨルノズク Yorunozuku) is a dual-type Normal/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Noctowl never fails at catching prey in darkness. This Pokémon owes its success to its superior vision that allows it to see in minimal light, and to its soft, supple wings that make no sound in flight.



Ledyba (Japanese: レディバ Rediba) is a dual-type Bug/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Ledyba secretes an aromatic fluid from where its legs join its body. This fluid is used for communicating with others. This Pokémon conveys its feelings to others by altering the fluid's scent.



Ledian (Japanese: レディアン Redian) is a dual-type Bug/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
It is said that in lands with clean air, where the stars fill the sky, there live Ledian in countless numbers. There is a good reason for this - the Pokémon uses the light of the stars as its energy.



Spinarak (Japanese: イトマル Itomaru) is a dual-type Bug/Poison Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
The web spun by Spinarak can be considered its second nervous system. It is said that this Pokémon can determine what kind of prey is touching its web just by the tiny vibrations it feels through the web's strands.



Ariados (Japanese: アリアドス Ariados) is a dual-type Bug/Poison Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Ariados's feet are tipped with tiny hooked claws that enable it to scuttle on ceilings and vertical walls. This Pokémon constricts the foe with thin and strong silk webbing.



Crobat (Japanese: クロバット Crobat) is a dual-type Poison/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
If this Pokémon is flying by fluttering only a pair of wings on either the forelegs or hind legs, it's proof that Crobat has been flying a long distance. It switches the wings it uses if it is tired.



Chinchou (Japanese: チョンチー Chonchie) is a dual-type Water/Electric Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Chinchou lets loose positive and negative electrical charges from its two antennas to make its prey faint. This Pokémon flashes its electric lights to exchange signals with others.



Lanturn (Japanese: ランターン Lantern) is a dual-type Water/Electric Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Lanturn is nicknamed "the deep-sea star" for its illuminated antenna. This Pokémon produces light by causing a chemical reaction between bacteria and its bodily fluids inside the antenna.




Pichu (Japanese: ピチュー Pichu) is an Electric-type baby Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Pichu charges itself with electricity more easily on days with thunderclouds or when the air is very dry. You can hear the crackling of static electricity coming off this Pokémon.




Cleffa (Japanese: ピィ Py) is a Fairy-type baby Pokémon introduced in Generation II. Prior to Generation VI, it was a Normal-type Pokémon.
On nights with many shooting stars, Cleffa can be seen dancing in a ring. They dance through the night and stop only at the break of day, when these Pokémon quench their thirst with the morning dew.




Igglybuff (Japanese: ププリン Pupurin) is a dual-type Normal/Fairy baby Pokémon introduced in Generation II. Prior to Generation VI, it was a pure Normal-type.
Igglybuff's vocal chords are not sufficiently developed. It would hurt its throat if it were to sing too much. This Pokémon gargles with freshwater from a clean stream.




Togepi (Japanese: トゲピー Togepy) is a Fairy-type baby Pokémon introduced in Generation II. Prior to Generation VI, it was a Normal-type Pokémon.
As its energy, Togepi uses the positive emotions of compassion and pleasure exuded by people and Pokémon. This Pokémon stores up feelings of happiness inside its shell, then shares them with others.




Togetic (Japanese: トゲチック Togechick) is a dual-type Fairy/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation II. Prior to Generation VI, it was a dual-type Normal/Flying Pokémon.
Togetic is said to be a Pokémon that brings good fortune. When the Pokémon spots someone who is pure of heart, it is said to appear and share its happiness with that person.




Natu (Japanese: ネイティ Naty) is a dual-type Psychic/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Natu cannot fly because its wings are not yet fully grown. If your eyes meet with this Pokémon's eyes, it will stare back intently at you. But if you move even slightly, it will hop away to safety.



Xatu (Japanese: ネイティオ Natio) is a dual-type Psychic/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Xatu stands rooted and still in one spot all day long. People believe that this Pokémon does so out of fear of the terrible things it has foreseen in the future.
Mareep (Japanese: メリープ Merriep) is an Electric-type Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Mareep's fluffy coat of wool rubs together and builds a static charge. The more static electricity is charged, the more brightly the lightbulb at the tip of its tail grows.



Flaaffy (Japanese: モココ Mokoko) is an Electric-type Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Flaaffy's wool quality changes so that it can generate a high amount of static electricity with a small amount of wool. The bare and slick parts of its hide are shielded against electricity.


Ampharos (Japanese: デンリュウ Denryu) is an Electric-type Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Ampharos gives off so much light that it can be seen even from space. People in the old days used the light of this Pokémon to send signals back and forth with others far away.



Bellossom (Japanese: キレイハナ Kireihana) is a Grass-type Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
When Bellossom get exposed to plenty of sunlight, the leaves ringing its body begin to spin around. This Pokémon's dancing is renowned in southern lands.


Marill (Japanese: マリル Maril) is a dual-type Water/Fairy Pokémon introduced in Generation II. Prior to Generation VI, it was a pure Water-type Pokémon.
Marill's oil-filled tail acts much like a life preserver. If you see just its tail bobbing on the water's surface, it's a sure indication that this Pokémon is diving beneath the water to feed on aquatic plants.



Azumarill (Japanese: マリルリ Marilli) is a dual-type Water/Fairy Pokémon introduced in Generation II. Prior to Generation VI, it was a pure Water-type Pokémon.
Azumarill's long ears are indispensable sensors. By focusing its hearing, this Pokémon can identify what kinds of prey are around, even in rough and fast-running rivers.



Sudowoodo (Japanese: ウソッキー Usokkie) is a Rock-type Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Sudowoodo camouflages itself as a tree to avoid being attacked by enemies. However, because the forelegs remain green throughout the year, the Pokémon is easily identified as a fake during the winter.



Politoed (Japanese: ニョロトノ Nyorotono) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
The curled hair on Politoed's head is proof of its status as a king. It is said that the longer and more curled the hair, the more respect this Pokémon earns from its peers.



Hoppip (Japanese: ハネッコ Hanecco) is a dual-type Grass/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
This Pokémon drifts and floats with the wind. If it senses the approach of strong winds, Hoppip links its leaves with other Hoppip to prepare against being blown away.


Skiploom (Japanese: ポポッコ Popocco) is a dual-type Grass/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Skiploom's flower blossoms when the temperature rises above 64 degrees F. How much the flower opens depends on the temperature. For that reason, this Pokémon is sometimes used as a thermometer.


Jumpluff (Japanese: ワタッコ Watacco) is a dual-type Grass/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Jumpluff rides warm southern winds to cross the sea and fly to foreign lands. The Pokémon descends to the ground when it encounters cold air while it is floating.



Aipom (Japanese: エイパム Eipam) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Aipom's tail ends in a hand-like appendage that can be cleverly manipulated. However, because the Pokémon uses its tail so much, its real hands have become rather clumsy.


Sunkern (Japanese: ヒマナッツ Himanuts) is a Grass-type Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Sunkern tries to move as little as it possibly can. It does so because it tries to conserve all the nutrients it has stored in its body for its evolution. It will not eat a thing, subsisting only on morning dew.





Sunflora (Japanese: キマワリ Kimawari) is a Grass-type Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Sunflora converts solar energy into nutrition. It moves around actively in the daytime when it is warm. It stops moving as soon as the sun goes down for the night.


Yanma (Japanese: ヤンヤンマ Yanyanma) is a dual-type Bug/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Yanma is capable of seeing 360 degrees without having to move its eyes. It is a great flier that is adept at making sudden stops and turning midair. This Pokémon uses its flying ability to quickly chase down targeted prey.


Wooper (Japanese: ウパー Upah) is a dual-type Water/Ground Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Wooper usually live in water. However, it occasionally comes out onto land in search of food. On land, it coats its body with a gooey, toxic film.


Quagsire (Japanese: ヌオー Nuoh) is a dual-type Water/Ground Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Quagsire hunts for food by leaving its mouth wide open in water and waiting for its prey to blunder in unaware. Because the Pokémon does not move, it does not get very hungry.


Espeon (Japanese: エーフィ Eifie) is a Psychic-type Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Espeon is extremely loyal to any trainer it considers to be worthy. It is said that this Pokémon developed its precognitive powers to protect its trainer from harm.


Umbreon (Japanese: ブラッキー Blacky) is a Dark-type Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Umbreon evolved as a result of exposure to the moon's waves. It hides silently in darkness and waits for its foes to make a move. The rings on its body glow when it leaps to attack.


Murkrow (Japanese: ヤミカラス Yamikarasu) is a dual-type Dark/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Murkrow was feared and loathed as the alleged bearer of ill fortune. This Pokémon shows strong interest in anything that sparkles or glitters. It will even try to steal rings from women.


Slowking (Japanese: ヤドキング Yadoking) is a dual-type Water/Psychic Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Slowking undertakes research every day in an effort to solve the mysteries of the world. However, this Pokémon apparently forgets everything it has learned if the Shellder on its head comes off.


Misdreavus (Japanese: ムウマ Muma) is a Ghost-type Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Misdreavus frightens people with a creepy, sobbing cry. The Pokémon apparently uses its red spheres to absorb the fearful feelings of foes and turn them into nutrition.


Unown (Japanese: アンノーン Unknown) is a Psychic-type Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
This Pokémon is shaped like ancient writing. It is a mystery as to which came first, the ancient writings or the various Unown. Research into this topic is ongoing but nothing is known.


Wobbuffet (Japanese: ソーナンス Sonans) is a Psychic-type Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
If two or more Wobbuffet meet, they will turn competitive and try to outdo the other's endurance. However, they may try to see which one can endure the longest without food. Trainers need to beware of this habit.


Girafarig (Japanese: キリンリキ Kirinriki) is a dual-type Normal/Psychic Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Girafarig's rear head also has a brain, but it is small. The rear head attacks in response to smells and sounds. Approaching this Pokémon from behind can cause the rear head to suddenly lash out and bite.


Pineco (Japanese: クヌギダマ Kunugidama) is a Bug-type Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Pineco hangs from a tree branch and patiently waits for prey to come along. If the Pokémon is disturbed while eating by someone shaking its tree, it drops down to the ground and explodes with no warning.


Forretress (Japanese: フォレトス Foretos) is a dual-type Bug/Steel Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Forretress conceals itself inside its hardened steel shell. The shell is opened when the Pokémon is catching prey, but it does so at such a quick pace that the shell's inside cannot be seen.


Dunsparce (Japanese: ノコッチ Nokocchi) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Dunsparce has a drill for its tail. It uses this tail to burrow into the ground backwards. This Pokémon is known to make its nest in complex shapes deep under the ground.


Gligar (Japanese: グライガー Gliger) is a dual-type Ground/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Gligar glides through the air without a sound as if it were sliding. This Pokémon hangs on to the face of its foe using its clawed hind legs and the large pincers on its forelegs, then injects the prey with its poison barb.


Steelix (Japanese: ハガネール Haganeil) is a dual-type Steel/Ground Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Steelix lives even further underground than Onix. This Pokémon is known to dig towards the earth's core. There are records of this Pokémon reaching a depth of over six-tenths of a mile underground.


Snubbull (Japanese: ブルー Bulu) is a Fairy-type Pokémon introduced in Generation II. Prior to Generation VI, it was a Normal-type Pokémon.
By baring its fangs and making scary face, Snubbull sends smaller Pokémon scurrying away in terror. However, this Pokémon seems a little sad at making its foes flee.


Granbull (Japanese: グランブル Granbulu) is a Fairy-type Pokémon introduced in Generation II. Prior to Generation VI, it was a Normal-type Pokémon.
Granbull has a particularly well- developed lower jaw. The enormous fangs are heavy, causing the Pokémon to tip its head back for balance. Unless it is startled, it will not try to bite indiscriminately.



Qwilfish (Japanese: ハリーセン Harysen) is a dual-type Water/Poison Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Qwilfish sucks in water, inflating itself. This Pokémon uses the pressure of the water it swallowed to shoot toxic quills all at once from all over its body. It finds swimming somewhat challenging.





Scizor (Japanese: ハッサム Hassam) is a dual-type Bug/Steel Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Scizor has a body with the hardness of steel. It is not easily fazed by ordinary sorts of attacks. This Pokémon flaps its wings to regulate its body temperature.



Shuckle (Japanese: ツボツボ Tsubotsubo) is a dual-type Bug/Rock Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Shuckle quietly hides itself under rocks, keeping its body concealed inside its hard shell while eating berries it has stored away. The berries mix with its body fluids to become a juice.



Heracross (Japanese: ヘラクロス Heracros) is a dual-type Bug/Fighting Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Heracross charges in a straight line at its foe, slips beneath the foe's grasp, and then scoops up and hurls the opponent with its mighty horn. This Pokémon even has enough power to topple a massive tree.


Sneasel (Japanese: ニューラ Nyula) is a dual-type Dark/Ice Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Sneasel scales trees by punching its hooked claws into the bark. This Pokémon seeks out unguarded nests and steals eggs for food while the parents are away.


Teddiursa (Japanese: ヒメグマ Himeguma) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
This Pokémon likes to lick its palms that are sweetened by being soaked in honey. Teddiursa concocts its own honey by blending fruits and pollen collected by Beedrill.


Ursaring (Japanese: リングマ Ringuma) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
In the forests inhabited by Ursaring, it is said that there are many streams and towering trees where they gather food. This Pokémon walks through its forest gathering food every day.


Slugma (Japanese: マグマッグ Magmag) is a Fire-type Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Molten magma courses throughout Slugma's circulatory system. If this Pokémon is chilled, the magma cools and hardens. Its body turns brittle and chunks fall off, reducing its size.


Magcargo (Japanese: マグカルゴ Magcargot) is a dual-type Fire/Rock Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Magcargo's shell is actually its skin that hardened as a result of cooling. Its shell is very brittle and fragile - just touching it causes it to crumble apart. This Pokémon returns to its original size by dipping itself in magma.



Swinub (Japanese: ウリムー Urimoo) is a dual-type Ice/Ground Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Swinub roots for food by rubbing its snout against the ground. Its favorite food is a mushroom that grows under the cover of dead grass. This Pokémon occasionally roots out hot springs.


Piloswine (Japanese: イノムー Inomoo) is a dual-type Ice/Ground Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Piloswine is covered by a thick coat of long hair that enables it to endure the freezing cold. This Pokémon uses its tusks to dig up food that has been buried under ice.


Corsola (Japanese: サニーゴ Sunnygo) is a dual-type Water/Rock Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Corsola's branches glitter very beautifully in seven colors when they catch sunlight. If any branch breaks off, this Pokémon grows it back in just one night.


Remoraid (Japanese: テッポウオ Teppouo) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Remoraid sucks in water, then expels it at high velocity using its abdominal muscles to shoot down flying prey. When evolution draws near, this Pokémon travels downstream from rivers.



Octillery (Japanese: オクタン Okutank) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Octillery grabs onto its foe using its tentacles. This Pokémon tries to immobilize it before delivering the finishing blow. If the foe turns out to be too strong, Octillery spews ink to escape.




Delibird (Japanese: デリバード Delibird) is a dual-type Ice/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Delibird carries its food bundled up in its tail. There once was a famous explorer who managed to reach the peak of Mount Everest thanks to one of these Pokémon sharing its food.


Mantine (Japanese: マンタイン Mantain) is a dual-type Water/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
On sunny days, schools of Mantine can be seen elegantly leaping over the sea's waves. This Pokémon is not bothered by the Remoraid that hitches rides.


Skarmory (Japanese: エアームド Airmd) is a dual-type Steel/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Skarmory is entirely encased in hard, protective armor. This Pokémon flies at close to 190 mph. It slashes foes with its wings that possess swordlike cutting edges.



Houndour (Japanese: デルビル Delvil) is a dual-type Dark/Fire Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Houndour hunt as a coordinated pack. They communicate with each other using a variety of cries to corner their prey. This Pokémon's remarkable teamwork is unparalleled.


Houndoom (Japanese: ヘルガー Hellgar) is a dual-type Dark/Fire Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
In a Houndoom pack, the one with its horns raked sharply towards the back serves a leadership role. These Pokémon choose their leader by fighting amongst themselves.



Kingdra (Japanese: キングドラ Kingdra) is a dual-type Water/Dragon Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Kingdra lives at extreme ocean depths that are otherwise uninhabited. It has long been believed that the yawning of this Pokémon creates spiraling ocean currents.





Phanpy (Japanese: ゴマゾウ Gomazou) is a Ground-type Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
For its nest, Phanpy digs a vertical pit in the ground at the edge of a river. It marks the area around its nest with its trunk to let the others know that the area has been claimed.



Donphan (Japanese: ドンファン Donfan) is a Ground-type Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Donphan's favorite attack is curling its body into a ball, then charging at its foe while rolling at high speed. Once it starts rolling, this Pokémon can't stop very easily.


Porygon2 (Japanese: ポリゴン２ Porygon2) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Porygon2 was created by humans using the power of science. The man-made Pokémon has been endowed with artificial intelligence that enables it to learn new gestures and emotions on its own.


Stantler (Japanese: オドシシ Odoshishi) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Stantler's magnificent antlers were traded at high prices as works of art. As a result, this Pokémon was hunted close to extinction by those who were after the priceless antlers.


Smeargle (Japanese: ドーブル Doble) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Smeargle marks the boundaries of its territory using a body fluid that leaks out from the tip of its tail. Over 5,000 different marks left by this Pokémon have been found.


Tyrogue (Japanese: バルキー Balkie) is a Fighting-type baby Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Tyrogue becomes stressed out if it does not get to train every day. When raising this Pokémon, the Trainer must establish and uphold various training methods.



Hitmontop (Japanese: カポエラー Kapoerer) is a Fighting-type Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Hitmontop spins on its head at high speeds, all the while delivering kicks. This technique is a remarkable mix of both offense and defense at the same time. The Pokémon travels faster spinning than it does walking.


Smoochum (Japanese: ムチュール Muchul) is a dual-type Ice/Psychic baby Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Smoochum actively runs about, but also falls quite often. Whenever the chance arrives, it will look for its reflection to make sure its face hasn't become dirty.


Elekid (Japanese: エレキッド Elekid) is an Electric-type baby Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Elekid stores electricity in its body. If it touches metal and accidentally discharges all its built-up electricity, this Pokémon begins swinging its arms in circles to recharge itself.


Magby (Japanese: ブビィ Buby) is a Fire-type baby Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Magby's state of health is determined by observing the fire it breathes. If the Pokémon is spouting yellow flames from its mouth, it is in good health. When it is fatigued, black smoke will be mixed in with the flames.


Miltank (Japanese: ミルタンク Miltank) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Miltank gives over five gallons of milk on a daily basis. Its sweet milk is enjoyed by children and grown-ups alike. People who can't drink milk turn it into yogurt and eat it instead.


Blissey (Japanese: ハピナス Happinas) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Blissey senses sadness with its fluffy coat of fur. If it does so, this Pokémon will rush over to the sad person, however far they may be, to share an egg of happiness that brings a smile to any face.



Raikou (Japanese: ライコウ Raikou) is an Electric-type Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Raikou embodies the speed of lightning. The roars of this Pokémon send shock waves shuddering through the air and shake the ground as if lightning bolts had come crashing down. This Pokémon races across the land while barking a cry that sounds like crashing thunder.





Entei (Japanese: エンテイ Entei) is a Fire-type Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Entei embodies the passion of magma. This Pokémon is thought to have been born in the eruption of a volcano. It sends up massive bursts of fire that utterly consume all that they touch. A Pokémon that races across the land. It is said that one is born every time a new volcano appears.



Suicune (Japanese: スイクン Suicune) is a Water-type Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Suicune embodies the compassion of a pure spring of water. It runs across the land with gracefulness. This Pokémon has the power to purify dirty water. This Pokémon races across the land. It is said that north winds will somehow blow whenever it appears.


Larvitar (Japanese: ヨーギラス Yogiras) is a dual-type Rock/Ground Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Larvitar is born deep under the ground. To come up to the surface, this Pokémon must eat its way through the soil above. Until it does so, Larvitar cannot see its parent's face.



Pupitar (Japanese: サナギラス Sanagiras) is a dual-type Rock/Ground Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Pupitar creates a gas inside its body that it compresses and forcefully ejects to propel itself like a jet. The body is very durable - it avoids damage even if it hits solid steel.



Tyranitar (Japanese: バンギラス Bangiras) is a dual-type Rock/Dark pseudo-legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Tyranitar is so overwhelmingly powerful, it can bring down a whole mountain to make its nest. This Pokémon wanders about in mountains seeking new opponents to fight.











Lugia (Japanese: ルギア Lugia) is a dual-type Psychic/Flying Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Lugia's wings pack devastating power - a light fluttering of its wings can blow apart regular houses. As a result, this Pokémon chooses to live out of sight deep under the sea. It is said to be the guardian of the seas. It is rumored to have been seen on the night of a storm. It is said that it quietly spends its time deep at the bottom of the sea because its powers are too strong.


Ho-Oh (Japanese: ホウオウ Houou) is a dual-type Fire/Flying Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
Ho-Oh's feathers glow in seven colors depending on the angle at which they are struck by light. These feathers are said to bring happiness to the bearers. This Pokémon is said to live at the foot of a rainbow. A legend says that its body glows in seven colors. A rainbow is said to form behind it when it flies.


Celebi (Japanese: セレビィ Celebi) is a dual-type Psychic/Grass Mythical Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
This Pokémon came from the future by crossing over time. It is thought that so long as Celebi appears, a bright and shining future awaits us. When Celebi disappears deep in the forest, it is said to leave behind an egg it brought from the future.




























GENERATION 3:


Treecko (Japanese: キモリ Kimori) is a Grass-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Treecko is cool, calm, and collected - it never panics under any situation. If a bigger foe were to glare at this Pokémon, it would glare right back without conceding an inch of ground.


Grovyle (Japanese: ジュプトル Juptile) is a Grass-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
The leaves growing out of Grovyle's body are convenient for camouflaging it from enemies in the forest. This Pokémon is a master at climbing trees in jungles.


Sceptile (Japanese: ジュカイン Jukain) is a Grass-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
The leaves growing on Sceptile's body are very sharp edged. This Pokémon is very agile - it leaps all over the branches of trees and jumps on its foe from above or behind.


Torchic (Japanese: アチャモ Achamo) is a Fire-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Torchic has a place inside its body where it keeps its flame. Give it a hug - it will be glowing with warmth. This Pokémon is covered all over by a fluffy coat of down.


Combusken (Japanese: ワカシャモ Wakasyamo) is a dual-type Fire/Fighting Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Combusken toughens up its legs and thighs by running through fields and mountains. This Pokémon's legs possess both speed and power, enabling it to dole out ten kicks in one second.



Blaziken (Japanese: バシャーモ Bursyamo) is a dual-type Fire/Fighting Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Blaziken has incredibly strong legs - it can easily clear a 30-story building in one leap. This Pokémon's blazing punches leave its foes scorched and blackened.





Mudkip (Japanese: ミズゴロウ Mizugorou) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
The fin on Mudkip's head acts as highly sensitive radar. Using this fin to sense movements of water and air, this Pokémon can determine what is taking place around it without using its eyes.



Marshtomp (Japanese: ヌマクロー Numacraw) is a dual-type Water/Ground Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Marshtomp is much faster at traveling through mud than it is at swimming. This Pokémon's hindquarters exhibit obvious development, giving it the ability to walk on just its hind legs.



Swampert (Japanese: ラグラージ Laglarge) is a dual-type Water/Ground Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Swampert is very strong. It has enough power to easily drag a boulder weighing more than a ton. This Pokémon also has powerful vision that lets it see even in murky water.




Poochyena (Japanese: ポチエナ Pochiena) is a Dark-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
At first sight, Poochyena takes a bite at anything that moves. This Pokémon chases after prey until the victim becomes exhausted. However, it may turn tail if the prey strikes back.



Mightyena (Japanese: グラエナ Graena) is a Dark-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Mightyena gives obvious signals when it is preparing to attack. It starts to growl deeply and then flattens its body. This Pokémon will bite savagely with its sharply pointed fangs.




Zigzagoon (Japanese: ジグザグマ Jiguzaguma) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Zigzagoon restlessly wanders everywhere at all times. This Pokémon does so because it is very curious. It becomes interested in anything that it happens to see.



Linoone (Japanese: マッスグマ Massuguma) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Linoone always runs full speed and only in straight lines. If facing an obstacle, it makes a right-angle turn to evade it. This Pokémon is very challenged by gently curving roads.



Wurmple (Japanese: ケムッソ Kemusso) is a Bug-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Wurmple is targeted by Swellow as prey. This Pokémon will try to resist by pointing the spikes on its rear at the attacking predator. It will weaken the foe by leaking poison from the spikes.



Silcoon (Japanese: カラサリス Karasalis) is a Bug-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Silcoon tethers itself to a tree branch using silk to keep from falling. There, this Pokémon hangs quietly while it awaits evolution. It peers out of the silk cocoon through a small hole.



Beautifly (Japanese: アゲハント Agehunt) is a dual-type Bug/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Beautifly's favorite food is the sweet pollen of flowers. If you want to see this Pokémon, just leave a potted flower by an open window. Beautifly is sure to come looking for pollen.




Cascoon (Japanese: マユルド Mayuld) is a Bug-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Cascoon makes its protective cocoon by wrapping its body entirely with a fine silk from its mouth. Once the silk goes around its body, it hardens. This Pokémon prepares for its evolution inside the cocoon.



Dustox (Japanese: ドクケイル Dokucale) is a dual-type Bug/Poison Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Dustox is instinctively drawn to light. Swarms of this Pokémon are attracted by the bright light of cities, where they wreak havoc by stripping the leaves off roadside trees for food.





Lotad (Japanese: ハスボー Hassboh) is a dual-type Water/Grass Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Lotad live in ponds and lakes, where they float on the surface. It grows weak if its broad leaf dies. On rare occasions, this Pokémon travels on land in search of clean water.



Lombre (Japanese: ハスブレロ Hasubrero) is a dual-type Water/Grass Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Lombre's entire body is covered by a slippery, slimy film. It feels horribly unpleasant to be touched by this Pokémon's hands. Lombre is often mistaken for a human child.



Ludicolo (Japanese: ルンパッパ Runpappa) is a dual-type Water/Grass Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Ludicolo begins dancing as soon as it hears cheerful, festive music. This Pokémon is said to appear when it hears the singing of children on hiking outings.



Seedot (Japanese: タネボー Taneboh) is a Grass-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Seedot attaches itself to a tree branch using the top of its head. It sucks moisture from the tree while hanging off the branch. The more water it drinks, the glossier this Pokémon's body becomes.



Nuzleaf (Japanese: コノハナ Konohana) is a dual-type Grass/Dark Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
This Pokémon pulls out the leaf on its head and makes a flute with it. The sound of Nuzleaf's flute strikes fear and uncertainty in the hearts of people lost in a forest.



Shiftry (Japanese: ダーテング Dirteng) is a dual-type Grass/Dark Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Shiftry is a mysterious Pokémon that is said to live atop towering trees dating back over a thousand years. It creates terrific windstorms with the fans it holds.



Taillow (Japanese: スバメ Subame) is a dual-type Normal/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Taillow courageously stands its ground against foes, however strong they may be. This gutsy Pokémon will remain defiant even after a loss. On the other hand, it cries loudly if it becomes hungry.



Swellow (Japanese: オオスバメ Ohsubame) is a dual-type Normal/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Swellow flies high above our heads, making graceful arcs in the sky. This Pokémon dives at a steep angle as soon as it spots its prey. The hapless prey is tightly grasped by Swellow's clawed feet, preventing escape.



Wingull (Japanese: キャモメ Camome) is a dual-type Water/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Wingull has the habit of carrying prey and valuables in its beak and hiding them in all sorts of locations. This Pokémon rides the winds and flies as if it were skating across the sky.



Pelipper (Japanese: ペリッパー Pelipper) is a dual-type Water/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Pelipper is a flying transporter that carries small Pokémon and Eggs inside its massive bill. This Pokémon builds its nest on steep cliffs facing the sea.



Ralts (Japanese: ラルトス Ralts) is a dual-type Psychic/Fairy Pokémon introduced in Generation III. Prior to Generation VI, it was a pure Psychic-type Pokémon.
Ralts senses the emotions of people using the horns on its head. This Pokémon rarely appears before people. But when it does, it draws closer if it senses that the person has a positive disposition.



Kirlia (Japanese: キルリア Kirlia) is a dual-type Psychic/Fairy Pokémon introduced in Generation III. Prior to Generation VI, it was a pure Psychic-type Pokémon.
It is said that a Kirlia that is exposed to the positive emotions of its Trainer grows beautiful. This Pokémon controls psychokinetic powers with its highly developed brain.




Gardevoir (Japanese: サーナイト Sirknight) is a dual-type Psychic/Fairy Pokémon introduced in Generation III. Prior to Generation VI, it was a pure Psychic-type Pokémon.
Gardevoir has the ability to read the future. If it senses impending danger to its Trainer, this Pokémon is said to unleash its psychokinetic energy at full power.



Surskit (Japanese: アメタマ Ametama) is a dual-type Bug/Water Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
From the tips of its feet, Surskit secretes an oil that enables it to walk on water as if it were skating. This Pokémon feeds on microscopic organisms in ponds and lakes.



Masquerain (Japanese: アメモース Amemoth) is a dual-type Bug/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Masquerain intimidates enemies with the eyelike patterns on its antennas. This Pokémon flaps its four wings to freely fly in any direction - even sideways and backwards - as if it were a helicopter.




Shroomish (Japanese: キノココ Kinococo) is a Grass-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Shroomish live in damp soil in the dark depths of forests. They are often found keeping still under fallen leaves. This Pokémon feeds on compost that is made up of fallen, rotted leaves.



Breloom (Japanese: キノガッサ Kinogassa) is a dual-type Grass/Fighting Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Breloom closes in on its foe with light and sprightly footwork, then throws punches with its stretchy arms. This Pokémon's fighting technique puts boxers to shame.




Slakoth (Japanese: ナマケロ Namakero) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Slakoth's heart beats just once a minute. Whatever happens, it is content to loaf around motionless. It is rare to see this Pokémon in motion.




Vigoroth (Japanese: ヤルキモノ Yarukimono) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Vigoroth is always itching and agitated to go on a wild rampage. It simply can't tolerate sitting still for even a minute. This Pokémon's stress level rises if it can't be moving constantly.


Slaking (Japanese: ケッキング Kekking) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Slaking spends all day lying down and lolling about. It eats grass growing within its reach. If it eats all the grass it can reach, this Pokémon reluctantly moves to another spot.



Nincada (Japanese: ツチニン Tutinin) is a dual-type Bug/Ground Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Nincada lives underground. It uses its sharp claws to carve the roots of trees and absorb moisture and nutrients. This Pokémon can't withstand bright sunlight so avoids it.



Ninjask (Japanese: テッカニン Tekkanin) is a dual-type Bug/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Ninjask moves around at such a high speed that it cannot be seen, even while its crying can be clearly heard. For that reason, this Pokémon was long believed to be invisible.



Shedinja (Japanese: ヌケニン Nukenin) is a dual-type Bug/Ghost Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Shedinja's hard body doesn't move - not even a twitch. In fact, its body appears to be merely a hollow shell. It is believed that this Pokémon will steal the spirit of anyone peering into its hollow body from its back.





Whismur (Japanese: ゴニョニョ Gonyonyo) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Normally, Whismur's voice is very quiet - it is barely audible even if one is paying close attention. However, if this Pokémon senses danger, it starts crying at an earsplitting volume.




Loudred (Japanese: ドゴーム Dogohmb) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Loudred shouts while stamping its feet. After it finishes shouting, this Pokémon becomes incapable of hearing anything for a while. This is considered to be a weak point.




Exploud (Japanese: バクオング Bakuong) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Exploud triggers earthquakes with the tremors it creates by bellowing. If this Pokémon violently inhales from the ports on its body, it's a sign that it is preparing to let loose a huge bellow.



Makuhita (Japanese: マクノシタ Makunoshita) is a Fighting-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Makuhita has a tireless spirit - it will never give up hope. It eats a lot of food, gets plenty of sleep, and it trains very rigorously. By living that way, this Pokémon packs its body with energy.



Hariyama (Japanese: ハリテヤマ Hariteyama) is a Fighting-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Hariyama practices its straight-arm slaps in any number of locations. One hit of this Pokémon's powerful, openhanded, straight-arm punches could snap a telephone pole in two.



Azurill (Japanese: ルリリ Ruriri) is a dual-type Normal/Fairy baby Pokémon introduced in Generation III. Prior to Generation VI, it was a pure Normal-type Pokémon.
Azurill's tail is large and bouncy. It is packed full of the nutrients this Pokémon needs to grow. Azurill can be seen bouncing and playing on its big, rubbery tail.




Nosepass (Japanese: ノズパス Nosepass) is a Rock-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Nosepass's magnetic nose is always pointed to the north. If two of these Pokémon meet, they cannot turn their faces to each other when they are close because their magnetic noses repel one another.




Skitty (Japanese: エネコ Eneco) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Skitty has the habit of becoming fascinated by moving objects and chasing them around. This Pokémon is known to chase after its own tail and become dizzy.




Delcatty (Japanese: エネコロロ Enekororo) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Delcatty sleeps anywhere it wants without keeping a permanent nest. If other Pokémon approach it as it sleeps, this Pokémon will never fight - it will just move away somewhere else.




Sableye (Japanese: ヤミラミ Yamirami) is a dual-type Dark/Ghost Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Sableye lead quiet lives deep inside caverns. They are feared, however, because these Pokémon are thought to steal the spirits of people when their eyes burn with a sinister glow in the darkness.




Mawile (Japanese: クチート Kucheat) is a dual-type Steel/Fairy Pokémon introduced in Generation III. Prior to Generation VI, it was a pure Steel-type Pokémon.
Mawile's huge jaws are actually steel horns that have been transformed. Its docile-looking face serves to lull its foe into letting down its guard. When the foe least expects it, Mawile chomps it with its gaping jaws.



Aron (Japanese: ココドラ Cokodora) is a dual-type Steel/Rock Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
This Pokémon has a body of steel. To make its body, Aron feeds on iron ore that it digs from mountains. Occasionally, it causes major trouble by eating bridges and rails.



Lairon (Japanese: コドラ Kodora) is a dual-type Steel/Rock Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Lairon tempers its steel body by drinking highly nutritious mineral springwater until it is bloated. This Pokémon makes its nest close to springs of delicious water.




Aggron (Japanese: ボスゴドラ Bossgodora) is a dual-type Steel/Rock Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Aggron claims an entire mountain as its own territory. It mercilessly beats up anything that violates its environment. This Pokémon vigilantly patrols its territory at all times.



Meditite (Japanese: アサナン Asanan) is a dual-type Fighting/Psychic Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Meditite undertakes rigorous mental training deep in the mountains. However, whenever it meditates, this Pokémon always loses its concentration and focus. As a result, its training never ends.



Medicham (Japanese: チャーレム Charem) is a dual-type Fighting/Psychic Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Through the power of meditation, Medicham developed a sixth sense. It gained the ability to use psychokinetic powers. This Pokémon is known to meditate for a whole month without eating.



Electrike (Japanese: ラクライ Rakurai) is an Electric-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Electrike stores electricity in its long body hair. This Pokémon stimulates its leg muscles with electric charges. These jolts of power give its legs explosive acceleration performance.



Manectric (Japanese: ライボルト Livolt) is an Electric-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Manectric is constantly discharging electricity from its mane. The sparks sometimes ignite forest fires. When it enters a battle, this Pokémon creates thunderclouds.



Plusle (Japanese: プラスル Prasle) is an Electric-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Plusle always acts as a cheerleader for its partners. Whenever a teammate puts out a good effort in battle, this Pokémon shorts out its body to create the crackling noises of sparks to show its joy.



Minun (Japanese: マイナン Minun) is an Electric-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Minun is more concerned about cheering on its partners than its own safety. It shorts out the electricity in its body to create brilliant showers of sparks to cheer on its teammates.


Volbeat (Japanese: バルビート Barubeat) is a Bug-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
With the arrival of night, Volbeat emits light from its tail. It communicates with others by adjusting the intensity and flashing of its light. This Pokémon is attracted by the sweet aroma of Illumise.



Illumise (Japanese: イルミーゼ Illumise) is a Bug-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Illumise attracts a swarm of Volbeat using a sweet fragrance. Once the Volbeat have gathered, this Pokémon leads the lit-up swarm in drawing geometric designs on the canvas of the night sky.


Roselia (Japanese: ロゼリア Roselia) is a dual-type Grass/Poison Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Roselia shoots sharp thorns as projectiles at any opponent that tries to steal the flowers on its arms. The aroma of this Pokémon brings serenity to living things.



Gulpin (Japanese: ゴクリン Gokulin) is a Poison-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Virtually all of Gulpin's body is its stomach. As a result, it can swallow something its own size. This Pokémon's stomach contains a special fluid that digests anything.




Swalot (Japanese: マルノーム Marunoom) is a Poison-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
When Swalot spots prey, it spurts out a hideously toxic fluid from its pores and sprays the target. Once the prey has weakened, this Pokémon gulps it down whole with its cavernous mouth.



Carvanha (Japanese: キバニア Kibanha) is a dual-type Water/Dark Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Carvanha's strongly developed jaws and its sharply pointed fangs pack the destructive power to rip out boat hulls. Many boats have been attacked and sunk by this Pokémon.





Sharpedo (Japanese: サメハダー Samehader) is a dual-type Water/Dark Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Sharpedo can swim at speeds of up to 75 mph by jetting seawater out of its backside. This Pokémon's drawback is its inability to swim long distances.



Wailmer (Japanese: ホエルコ Hoeruko) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Wailmer's nostrils are located above its eyes. This playful Pokémon loves to startle people by forcefully snorting out seawater it stores inside its body out of its nostrils.



Wailord (Japanese: ホエルオー Whaloh) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Wailord is the largest of all identified Pokémon up to now. This giant Pokémon swims languorously in the vast open sea, eating massive amounts of food at once with its enormous mouth.



Numel (Japanese: ドンメル Donmel) is a dual-type Fire/Ground Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Numel is extremely dull witted - it doesn't notice being hit. However, it can't stand hunger for even a second. This Pokémon's body is a seething cauldron of boiling magma.



Camerupt (Japanese: バクーダ Bakuuda) is a dual-type Fire/Ground Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
The humps on Camerupt's back are formed by a transformation of its bones. They sometimes blast out molten magma. This Pokémon apparently erupts often when it is enraged.



Torkoal (Japanese: コータス Cotoise) is a Fire-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Torkoal digs through mountains in search of coal. If it finds some, it fills hollow spaces on its shell with the coal and burns it. If it is attacked, this Pokémon spouts thick black smoke to beat a retreat.







Spoink (Japanese: バネブー Baneboo) is a Psychic-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Spoink bounces around on its tail. The shock of its bouncing makes its heart pump. As a result, this Pokémon cannot afford to stop bouncing - if it stops, its heart will stop.




Grumpig (Japanese: ブーピッグ Boopig) is a Psychic-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Grumpig uses the black pearls on its body to wield its fantastic powers. When it is doing so, it dances bizarrely. This Pokémon's black pearls are valuable as works of art.




Spinda (Japanese: パッチール Patcheel) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
All the Spinda that exist in the world are said to have utterly unique spot patterns. The shaky, tottering steps of this Pokémon give it the appearance of dancing.




Trapinch (Japanese: ナックラー Nuckrar) is a Ground-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Trapinch's nest is a sloped, bowl-like pit dug in sand. This Pokémon patiently waits for prey to tumble down the pit. Its giant jaws have enough strength to crush even boulders.




Vibrava (Japanese: ビブラーバ Vibrava) is a dual-type Ground/Dragon Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
To make prey faint, Vibrava generates ultrasonic waves by vigorously making its two wings vibrate. This Pokémon's ultrasonic waves are so powerful, they can bring on headaches in people.



Flygon (Japanese: フライゴン Flygon) is a dual-type Ground/Dragon Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Flygon whips up a sandstorm by flapping its wings. The wings create a series of notes that sound like singing. Because the "singing" is the only thing that can be heard in a sandstorm, this Pokémon is said to be the desert spirit.


Cacnea (Japanese: サボネア Sabonea) is a Grass-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Cacnea lives in arid locations such as deserts. It releases a strong aroma from its flower to attract prey. When prey comes near, this Pokémon shoots sharp thorns from its body to bring the victim down.




Cacturne (Japanese: ノクタス Noctus) is a dual-type Grass/Dark Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
During the daytime, Cacturne remains unmoving so that it does not lose any moisture to the harsh desert sun. This Pokémon becomes active at night when the temperature drops.



Swablu (Japanese: チルット Tyltto) is a dual-type Normal/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Swablu has light and fluffy wings that are like cottony clouds. This Pokémon is not frightened of people. It lands on the heads of people and sits there like a cotton-fluff hat.




Altaria (Japanese: チルタリス Tyltalis) is a dual-type Dragon/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Altaria dances and wheels through the sky among billowing, cotton-like clouds. By singing melodies in its crystal-clear voice, this Pokémon makes its listeners experience dreamy wonderment.




Zangoose (Japanese: ザングース Zangoose) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Zangoose usually stays on all fours, but when angered, it gets up on its hind legs and extends its claws. This Pokémon shares a bitter rivalry with Seviper that dates back over generations.




Seviper (Japanese: ハブネーク Habunake) is a Poison-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Seviper shares a generations-long feud with Zangoose. The scars on its body are evidence of vicious battles. This Pokémon attacks using its sword-edged tail.



Lunatone (Japanese: ルナトーン Lunatone) is a dual-type Rock/Psychic Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Lunatone becomes active around the time of the full moon. Instead of walking, it moves by floating in midair using telekinesis. The Pokémon's intimidating red eyes cause all those who see it to become transfixed with fear.



Solrock (Japanese: ソルロック Solrock) is a dual-type Rock/Psychic Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Sunlight is the source of Solrock's power. It is said to possess the ability to read the emotions of others. This Pokémon gives off intense heat while rotating its body.




Barboach (Japanese: ドジョッチ Dojoach) is a dual-type Water/Ground Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Barboach's sensitive whiskers serve as a superb radar system. This Pokémon hides in mud, leaving only its two whiskers exposed while it waits for prey to come along.




Whiscash (Japanese: ナマズン Namazun) is a dual-type Water/Ground Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Whiscash is extremely territorial. Just one of these Pokémon will claim a large pond as its exclusive territory. If a foe approaches it, it thrashes about and triggers a massive earthquake.




Corphish (Japanese: ヘイガニ Heigani) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Corphish were originally foreign Pokémon that were imported as pets. They eventually turned up in the wild. This Pokémon is very hardy and has greatly increased its population.



Crawdaunt (Japanese: シザリガー Shizariger) is a dual-type Water/Dark Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Crawdaunt has an extremely violent nature that compels it to challenge other living things to battle. Other life-forms refuse to live in ponds inhabited by this Pokémon, making them desolate places.

Baltoy (Japanese: ヤジロン Yajilon) is a dual-type Ground/Psychic Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Baltoy moves while spinning around on its one foot. Primitive wall paintings depicting this Pokémon living among people were discovered in some ancient ruins.




Claydol (Japanese: ネンドール Nendoll) is a dual-type Ground/Psychic Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Claydol is an enigma that appeared from a clay statue made by an ancient civilization dating back 20,000 years. This Pokémon shoots beams from both its hands.



Lileep (Japanese: リリーラ Lilyla) is a dual-type Rock/Grass Fossil Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Lileep became extinct approximately a hundred million years ago. This ancient Pokémon attaches itself to a rock on the seafloor and catches approaching prey using tentacles shaped like flower petals.



Cradily (Japanese: ユレイドル Yuradle) is a dual-type Rock/Grass Fossil Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Cradily's body serves as an anchor, preventing it from being washed away in rough seas. This Pokémon secretes a strong digestive fluid from its tentacles.





Anorith (Japanese: アノプス Anopth) is a dual-type Rock/Bug Fossil Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Anorith is said to be a type of Pokémon predecessor, with eight wings at the sides of its body. This Pokémon swam in the primordial sea by undulating these eight wings.



Armaldo (Japanese: アーマルド Armaldo) is a dual-type Rock/Bug Fossil Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Armaldo's tough armor makes all attacks bounce off. This Pokémon's two enormous claws can be freely extended or contracted. They have the power to punch right through a steel slab.


Feebas (Japanese: ヒンバス Hinbass) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Feebas's fins are ragged and tattered from the start of its life. Because of its shoddy appearance, this Pokémon is largely ignored. It is capable of living in both the sea and in rivers.




Milotic (Japanese: ミロカロス Milokaross) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Milotic live at the bottom of large lakes. When this Pokémon's body glows a vivid pink, it releases a pulsing wave of energy that brings soothing calm to restless spirits.



Castform (Japanese: ポワルン Powalen) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Castform's appearance changes with the weather. This Pokémon gained the ability to use the vast power of nature to protect its tiny body.



Sunny Castform (Japanese: ポワルン Powalen) is a Fire-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
This is the form Castform takes on the brightest of days. Its skin is unexpectedly hot to the touch, so approach with care. This is Castform's form when basking in fair weather. Its body is warm and toasty.



Rainy Castform (Japanese: ポワルン Powalen) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
This is the form Castform takes when soaked with rain. When its body is compressed, water will seep out as if from a sponge. This is Castform's form during a downpour of rain. Its body retains moisture and gets slippery.



Snowy Castform (Japanese: ポワルン Powalen) is a Ice-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
This is the form Castform takes when covered in snow. Its body becomes an ice-like material, with a temperature near 23 degrees Fahrenheit. This is Castform's form when caught in a hailstorm. Its cold skin is as smooth as ice.



Kecleon (Japanese: カクレオン Kakureon) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Kecleon is capable of changing its body colors at will to blend in with its surroundings. There is one exception - this Pokémon can't change the zigzag pattern on its belly.




Shuppet (Japanese: カゲボウズ Kagebouzu) is a Ghost-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Shuppet is attracted by feelings of jealousy and vindictiveness. If someone develops strong feelings of vengeance, this Pokémon will appear in a swarm and line up beneath the eaves of that person's home.






Banette (Japanese: ジュペッタ Juppeta) is a Ghost-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Banette generates energy for laying strong curses by sticking pins into its own body. This Pokémon was originally a pitiful plush doll that was thrown away.



Duskull (Japanese: ヨマワル Yomawaru) is a Ghost-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Duskull can pass through any wall no matter how thick it may be. Once this Pokémon chooses a target, it will doggedly pursue the intended victim until the break of dawn.



Dusclops (Japanese: サマヨール Samayouru) is a Ghost-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Dusclops's body is completely hollow - there is nothing at all inside. It is said that its body is like a black hole. This Pokémon will absorb anything into its body, but nothing will ever come back out.




Tropius (Japanese: トロピウス Tropius) is a dual-type Grass/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
The bunches of fruit around Tropius's neck are very popular with children. This Pokémon loves fruit, and eats it continuously. Apparently, its love for fruit resulted in its own outgrowth of fruit.




Chimecho (Japanese: チリーン Chirean) is a Psychic-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Chimecho makes its cries echo inside its hollow body. When this Pokémon becomes enraged, its cries result in ultrasonic waves that have the power to knock foes flying.




Absol (Japanese: アブソル Absol) is a Dark-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Every time Absol appears before people, it is followed by a disaster such as an earthquake or a tidal wave. As a result, it came to be known as the disaster Pokémon.





Wynaut (Japanese: ソーナノ Sohnano) is a Psychic-type baby Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Wynaut can always be seen with a big, happy smile on its face. Look at its tail to determine if it is angry. When angered, this Pokémon will be slapping the ground with its tail.




Snorunt (Japanese: ユキワラシ Yukiwarashi) is an Ice-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Snorunt live in regions with heavy snowfall. In seasons without snow, such as spring and summer, this Pokémon steals away to live quietly among stalactites and stalagmites deep in caverns.




Glalie (Japanese: オニゴーリ Onigohri) is an Ice-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Glalie has a body made of rock, which it hardens with an armor of ice. This Pokémon has the ability to freeze moisture in the atmosphere into any shape it desires.




Spheal (Japanese: タマザラシ Tamazarashi) is a dual-type Ice/Water Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Spheal is much faster rolling than walking to get around. When groups of this Pokémon eat, they all clap at once to show their pleasure. Because of this, their mealtimes are noisy.



Sealeo (Japanese: トドグラー Todoggler) is a dual-type Ice/Water Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Sealeo has the habit of always juggling on the tip of its nose anything it sees for the first time. This Pokémon occasionally entertains itself by balancing and rolling a Spheal on its nose.




Walrein (Japanese: トドゼルガ Todoseruga) is a dual-type Ice/Water Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Walrein's two massively developed tusks can totally shatter blocks of ice weighing ten tons with one blow. This Pokémon's thick coat of blubber insulates it from subzero temperatures.



Clamperl (Japanese: パールル Pearlulu) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Clamperl's sturdy shell is not only good for protection - it is also used for clamping and catching prey. A fully grown Clamperl's shell will be scored with nicks and scratches all over.




Huntail (Japanese: ハンテール Huntail) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Huntail's presence went unnoticed by people for a long time because it lives at extreme depths in the sea. This Pokémon's eyes can see clearly even in the murky dark depths of the ocean.




Gorebyss (Japanese: サクラビス Sakurabyss) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Gorebyss lives in the southern seas at extreme depths. Its body is built to withstand the enormous pressure of water at incredible depths. Because of this, this Pokémon's body is unharmed by ordinary attacks.




Relicanth (Japanese: ジーランス Glanth) is a dual-type Water/Rock Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Relicanth is a Pokémon species that existed for a hundred million years without ever changing its form. This ancient Pokémon feeds on microscopic organisms with its toothless mouth.




Luvdisc (Japanese: ラブカス Lovecus) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Luvdisc live in shallow seas in the tropics. This heart-shaped Pokémon earned its name by swimming after loving couples it spotted in the ocean's waves.




Bagon (Japanese: タツベイ Tatsubay) is a Dragon-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Bagon has a dream of one day soaring in the sky. In doomed efforts to fly, this Pokémon hurls itself off cliffs. As a result of its dives, its head has grown tough and as hard as tempered steel.



Shelgon (Japanese: コモルー Komoruu) is a Dragon-type Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Inside Shelgon's armor-like shell, cells are in the midst of transformation to create an entirely new body. This Pokémon's shell is extremely heavy, making its movements sluggish.



Salamence (Japanese: ボーマンダ Bohmander) is a dual-type Dragon/Flying pseudo-legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
By evolving into Salamence, this Pokémon finally realizes its long-held dream of growing wings. To express its joy, it flies and wheels all over the sky while spouting flames from its mouth.




Beldum (Japanese: ダンバル Dumbber) is a dual-type Steel/Psychic Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Instead of blood, a powerful magnetic force courses throughout Beldum's body. This Pokémon communicates with others by sending controlled pulses of magnetism.



Metang (Japanese: メタング Metang) is a dual-type Steel/Psychic Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
When two Beldum fuse together, Metang is formed. The brains of the Beldum are joined by a magnetic nervous system. By linking its brains magnetically, this Pokémon generates strong psychokinetic power.



Metagross (Japanese: メタグロス Metagross) is a dual-type Steel/Psychic pseudo-legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Metagross has four brains in total. Combined, the four brains can breeze through difficult calculations faster than a supercomputer. This Pokémon can float in the air by tucking in its four legs.





Regirock (Japanese: レジロック Regirock) is a Rock-type Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Regirock was sealed away by people long ago. If this Pokémon's body is damaged in battle, it is said to seek out suitable rocks on its own to repair itself. Regirock's body is composed entirely of rocks. Recently, a study made the startling discovery that the rocks were all unearthed from different locations.



Regice (Japanese: レジアイス Regice) is an Ice-type Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Regice cloaks itself with frigid air of negative 328 degrees F. Things will freeze solid just by going near this Pokémon. Its icy body is so cold, it will not melt even if it is immersed in magma.



Registeel (Japanese: レジスチル Registeel) is a Steel-type Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Registeel has a body that is harder than any kind of metal. Its body is apparently hollow. No one has any idea what this Pokémon eats. Registeel was imprisoned by people in ancient times. The metal composing its body is thought to be a curious substance that is not of this earth.



Latias (Japanese: ラティアス Latias) is a dual-type Dragon/Psychic Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Latias is highly sensitive to the emotions of people. If it senses any hostility, this Pokémon ruffles the feathers all over its body and cries shrilly to intimidate the foe. They make a small herd of only several members. They rarely make contact with people or other Pokémon. They disappear if they sense enemies.



Latios (Japanese: ラティオス Latios) is a dual-type Dragon/Psychic Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Latios has the ability to make its foe see an image of what it has seen or imagines in its head. This Pokémon is intelligent and understands human speech. Latios will only open its heart to a Trainer with a compassionate spirit. This Pokémon can fly faster than a jet plane by folding its forelegs to minimize air resistance.



Kyogre (Japanese: カイオーガ Kyogre) is a Water-type Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Kyogre has the power to create massive rain clouds that cover the entire sky and bring about torrential downpours. This Pokémon saved people who were suffering from droughts. Kyogre is named in mythology as the Pokémon that expanded the sea by covering the land with torrential rains and towering tidal waves. It took to sleep after a cataclysmic battle with Groudon.



Groudon (Japanese: グラードン Groudon) is a Ground-type Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Groudon has the power to scatter rain clouds and make water evaporate with light and heat. It came as a saviour to people who had been suffering from terrible floods. Groudon has long been described in mythology as the Pokémon that raised lands and expanded continents. This Pokémon took to sleep after a cataclysmic battle with Kyogre.

Rayquaza (Japanese: レックウザ Rayquaza) is a dual-type Dragon/Flying Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
Rayquaza lived for hundreds of millions of years in the earth's ozone layer, never descending to the ground. This Pokémon appears to feed on water and particles in the atmosphere. A Pokémon that flies endlessly in the ozone layer. It is said it would descend to the ground if Kyogre and Groudon were to fight. It lives in the ozone layer far above the clouds and cannot be seen from the ground.




Jirachi (Japanese: ジラーチ Jirachi) is a dual-type Steel/Psychic Mythical Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
A legend states that Jirachi will make true any wish that is written on the notes attached to head when it awakens. If this Pokémon senses danger, it will fight without awakening. Jirachi will awaken from its sleep of a thousand years if you sing to it in a voice of purity. It is said to make true any wish that people desire.



Deoxys Normal (Japanese: デオキシス Deoxys) is a Psychic-type Mythical Pokémon introduced in Generation III.
The DNA of a space virus underwent a sudden mutation upon exposure to a laser beam and resulted in Deoxys. The crystalline organ on this Pokémon's chest appears to be its brain. Deoxys emerged from a virus that came from space. It is highly intelligent and wields psychokinetic powers. This Pokémon shoots lasers from the crystalline organ on its chest. . There are four different formes of Deoxys – Attack, Defence, Speed and Normal. Each one can use a variety of different moves and slightly different stats depending on which one it specialises in.


Deoxys Attack Forme (Japanese: デオキシス Deoxys) introduced in Generation III is a powerful wallbreaker that has sky-high mixed attacking stats and a wide offensive movepool. This Deoxys has transformed into its aggressive guise. It can fool enemies by altering its appearance. This makes it very threatening towards some balanced and bulky offensive builds. There are four different formes of Deoxys – Attack, Defence, Speed and Normal. Each one can use a variety of different moves and slightly different stats depending on which one it specialises in.


Deoxys Defense Forme (Japanese: デオキシス Deoxys) introduced in Generation III is vulnerable to Bug, Dark and Ghost type moves. Deoxys is boosted by Windy weather. When it changes form, an aurora appears. It absorbs attacks by altering its cellular structure. It was originally found in the Hoenn region (Gen 3). It’s Pokémon number is #386. There are four different formes of Deoxys - Attack, Defence, Speed and Normal.


Deoxys Speed Forme (Japanese: デオキシス Deoxys) introduced in Generation III is a brilliant, dedicated lead due to the fact that it has the highest base Speed in the game and access to utility moves such as Stealth Rock, Spikes, Taunt, Skill Swap, Magic Coat, and dual screens. A Pokémon that mutated from an extraterrestrial virus exposed to a laser beam. Its body is configured for superior agility and speed. There are four different formes of Deoxys – Attack, Defence, Speed and Normal. Each one can use a variety of different moves and slightly different stats depending on which one it specialises in.































GENERATION 4:
Turtwig (Japanese: ナエトル Naetle) is a Grass-type Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
Made from soil, the shell on its back hardens when it drinks water. It lives along lakes. It undertakes photosynthesis with its body, making oxygen. The leaf on its head wilts if it is thirsty.



Grotle (Japanese: ハヤシガメ Hayashigame) is a Grass-type Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
It lives along water in forests. In the daytime, it leaves the forest to sunbathe its treed shell. The shell is hardened soil. Some Pokémon come to peck the berries growing on the trees on its back.



Torterra (Japanese: ドダイトス Dodaitose) is a dual-type Grass/Ground Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
Some Pokémon are born on a Torterra’s back and spend their entire life there. Groups of this Pokémon migrating in search of water have been mistaken for “moving forests.”




Chimchar (Japanese: ヒコザル Hikozaru) is a Fire-type Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
It agilely scales sheer cliffs to live atop craggy mountains. Its fire is put out when it sleeps. Its fiery rear end is fueled by gas made in its belly. Even rain can’t extinguish the fire.



Monferno (Japanese: モウカザル Moukazaru) is a dual-type Fire/Fighting Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
It uses ceilings and walls to launch aerial attacks. Its fiery tail is but one weapon. To intimidate attackers, it stretches the fire on its tail to make itself appear bigger.



Infernape (Japanese: ゴウカザル Goukazaru) is a dual-type Fire/Fighting Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
It uses unique fighting moves with fire on its hands and feet. It will take on any opponent. Its crown of fire is indicative of its fiery nature. It is beaten by none in terms of quickness.



Piplup (Japanese: ポッチャマ Pochama) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
It lives along shores in northern countries. A skilled swimmer, it dives for over 10 minutes to hunt. Because it is very proud, it hates accepting food from people. Its thick down guards it from cold.




Prinplup (Japanese: ポッタイシ Pottaishi) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
It lives alone, away from others. Apparently, every one of them believes it is the most important. Its wings deliver wicked blows that snap even the thickest of trees. It searches for prey in icy seas.



Empoleon (Japanese: エンペルト Emperte) is a dual-type Water/Steel Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
The three horns that extend from its beak attest to its power. The leader has the biggest horns. It swims as fast as a jet boat. The edges of its wings are sharp and can slice apart drifting ice.




Starly (Japanese: ムックル Mukkuru) is a dual-type Normal/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
They flock around mountains and fields, chasing after bug Pokémon. Their singing is noisy and annoying. Because they are weak individually, they form groups. However, they bicker if the group grows too big.



Staravia (Japanese: ムクバード Mukubird) is a dual-type Normal/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
It flies around forests and fields in search of bug Pokémon. It stays within a huge flock. It lives in forests and fields. Squabbles over territory occur when flocks collide.



Staraptor (Japanese: ムクホーク Mukuhawk) is a dual-type Normal/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
The muscles in its wings and legs are strong. It can easily fly while gripping a small Pokémon. When Staravia evolve into Staraptor, they leave the flock to live alone. They have sturdy wings.


Bidoof (Japanese: ビッパ Bippa) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
The god Pokémon, the one who saved us from the calamity, the one who we pray for everyday, you might not know it but they are always there, so strong yet so tiny, able to chop trees with one chop, able to carry humans to safety with ease, able to smash rocks with one mighty punch, able to climb mountains in seconds, able to move boulders like they are nothing, able to swim up the tallest water falls, and when the world is in our last moments of hope Bidoof will be there ready to save the day.
Nothing can get in Bidoof’s way and that includes legendaries. Considering that this beaver knows how to drown (surf and waterfall), slice heads off (cut), and make rocks fall from the sky, those Pokémon have their work cut out for them.





Bibarel (Japanese: ビーダル Beadaru) is a dual-type Normal/Water Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
It makes its nest by damming streams with bark and mud. It is known as an industrious worker. While its movements out of water are sluggish, it can swim as fast as any Feebas.




Kricketot (Japanese: コロボーシ Korobohshi) is a Bug-type Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
It chats with others using the sounds of its colliding antennae. These sounds are fall hallmarks.



Kricketune (Japanese: コロトック Korotock) is a Bug-type Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
It signals its emotions with its melodies. Scientists are studying these melodic patterns.



Shinx (Japanese: コリンク Kolink) is an Electric-type Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
The extension and contraction of its muscles generates electricity. It glows when in trouble.



Luxio (Japanese: ルクシオ Luxio) is an Electric-type Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
Strong electricity courses through the tips of its sharp claws. A light scratch causes fainting in foes.



Luxray (Japanese: レントラー Rentorar) is an Electric-type Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
It has eyes which can see through anything. It spots and captures prey hiding behind objects.


Budew (Japanese: スボミー Subomie) is a dual-type Grass/Poison baby Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
It lives alongside clear ponds. It scatters pollen that induces harsh sneezing and runny noses.




Roserade (Japanese: ロズレイド Roserade) is a dual-type Grass/Poison Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
Each of its hands contains different toxins, but both hands can jab with near-fatal power.



Cranidos (Japanese: ズガイドス Zugaidos) is a Rock-type Fossil Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
Cranidos toughen up their already rock-hard heads by headbutting one another.



Rampardos (Japanese: ラムパルド Rampald) is a Rock-type Fossil Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
Its powerful headbutt has enough power to shatter even the most durable things upon impact. If two were to smash their heads together, their foot-thick skulls would keep them from fainting.



Shieldon (Japanese: タテトプス Tatetops) is a dual-type Rock/Steel Fossil Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
A Pokémon that lived in jungles around 100 million years ago. Its facial hide is extremely hard.



Bastiodon (Japanese: トリデプス Torideps) is a dual-type Rock/Steel Fossil Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
When attacked, they form a wall. Their rock-hard faces serve to protect them from the attacks.



Burmy (Japanese: ミノムッチ Minomucchi) is a Bug-type Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
Even if it is born where there are no cocooning materials, it somehow always ends up with a cloak.



Wormadam (Japanese: ミノマダム Minomadam) is a Bug-type Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
Its appearance changes depending on where it evolved. The materials on hand become a part of its body.




Mothim (Japanese: ガーメイル Gamale) is a dual-type Bug/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
While it loves floral honey, it won’t gather any itself. Instead, it plots to steal some from Combee.




Combee (Japanese: ミツハニー Mitsuhoney) is a dual-type Bug/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
It collects and delivers honey to its colony. At night, they cluster to form a beehive and sleep.




Vespiquen (Japanese: ビークイン Beequen) is a dual-type Bug/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
It releases various pheromones to make the grubs in its body do its bidding while fighting foes.



Pachirisu (Japanese: パチリス Pachirisu) is an Electric-type Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
It makes electricity with pouches in its cheeks and shoots charges from its tail. It lives atop trees.




Buizel (Japanese: ブイゼル Buoysel) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
It spins its two tails like a screw to propel itself through water. The tails also slice clinging seaweed.




Floatzel (Japanese: フローゼル Floazel) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
It is a common sight around fishing ports. It is known to rescue people and carry off prey.




Cherubi (Japanese: チェリンボ Cherinbo) is a Grass-type Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
The small ball holds the nutrients needed for evolution. Apparently, it is very sweet and tasty.




Cherrim (Japanese: チェリム Cherrim) is a Grass-type Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
It blooms during times of strong sunlight. It tries to make up for everything it endured as a bud.




Shellos (Japanese: カラナクシ Karanakushi) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
Its color and shapes differ from region to region. In the Sinnoh region, two types are confirmed.





Gastrodon (Japanese: トリトドン Tritodon) is a dual-type Water/Ground Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
Long ago, its entire back was shielded with a sturdy shell. There are traces of it left in its cells.




Ambipom (Japanese: エテボース Eteboth) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
They live on large trees. They are said to communicate by connecting their tails to those of others.





Drifloon (Japanese: フワンテ Fuwante) is a dual-type Ghost/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
It tugs on the hands of children to steal them away. However, it gets pulled around instead.




Drifblim (Japanese: フワライド Fuwaride) is a dual-type Ghost/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
It’s drowzy in daytime, but flies off in the evening in big groups. No one knows where they go.




Buneary (Japanese: ミミロル Mimirol) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
When it senses danger, it perks up its ears. On cold nights, it sleeps with its head tucked into its fur.



Lopunny (Japanese: ミミロップ Mimilop) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
It is very conscious of its looks and never fails to groom its ears. It runs with sprightly jumps.



Mismagius (Japanese: ムウマージ Mumargi) is a Ghost-type Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
Its cries sound like incantations. Those hearing it are tormented by headaches and hallucinations.





Honchkrow (Japanese: ドンカラス Dongkarasu) is a dual-type Dark/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
Becoming active at night, it is known to swarm with numerous Murkrow in tow.




Glameow (Japanese: ニャルマー Nyarmar) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
When it’s happy, Glameow demonstrates beautiful movements of its tail, like a dancing ribbon.




Purugly (Japanese: ブニャット Bunyatto) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
To make itself appear intimidatingly beefy, it tightly cinches its waist with its twin tails.




Chingling (Japanese: リーシャン Lisyan) is a Psychic-type baby Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
Each time it hops, it makes a ringing sound. It deafens foes by emitting high-frequency cries.




Stunky (Japanese: スカンプー Skunpuu) is a dual-type Poison/Dark Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
It sprays a foul fluid from its rear. Its stench spreads over a mile radius, driving Pokémon away.




Skuntank (Japanese: スカタンク Skutank) is a dual-type Poison/Dark Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
It attacks by spraying a horribly smelly fluid from the tip of its tail. Attacks from above confound it.




Bronzor (Japanese: ドーミラー Dohmirror) is a dual-type Steel/Psychic Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
Implements shaped like it were discovered in ancient tombs. It is unknown if they are related.



Bronzong (Japanese: ドータクン Dohtakun) is a dual-type Steel/Psychic Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
It can summon rain clouds. People long ago revered it as the bringer of plentiful harvests.




Bonsly (Japanese: ウソハチ Usohachi) is a Rock-type baby Pokémon introduced in Generation IV. It looks as if it is always crying. It is actually adjusting its body’s fluid levels by eliminating excess.




Mime Jr. (Japanese: マネネ Manene) is a dual-type Psychic/Fairy baby Pokémon introduced in Generation IV. Prior to Generation VI, it was a pure Psychic-type Pokémon. 
It likes places where people gather. It mimics foes to confuse them, then makes its getaway.




Happiny (Japanese: ピンプク Pinpuku) is a Normal-type baby Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
It carries a round, egg-shaped rock in its belly pouch and gives the rock to its friends.



Chatot (Japanese: ペラップ Perap) is a dual-type Normal/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
Its tongue is just like a human’s. As a result, it can cleverly mimic human speech.




Spiritomb (Japanese: ミカルゲ Mikaruge) is a dual-type Ghost/Dark Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
A Pokémon that was formed by 108 spirits. It is bound to a fissure in an Odd Keystone.




Gible (Japanese: フカマル Fukamaru) is a dual-type Dragon/Ground Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
It attacks using its huge mouth. While its attacks are powerful, it hurts itself out of clumsiness, too.




Gabite (Japanese: ガバイト Gabite) is a dual-type Dragon/Ground Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
It habitually digs up and hoards gems in its nest. Its loot is constantly targeted by thieves.



Garchomp (Japanese: ガブリアス Gaburias) is a dual-type Dragon/Ground Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
It flies at speeds equal to a jet fighter plane. It never allows its prey to escape. It is said that when one runs at high speed, its wings create blades of wind that can fell nearby trees.



Munchlax (Japanese: ゴンベ Gonbe) is a Normal-type baby Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
It hides food under its long body hair. However, it forgets it has hidden the food.



Riolu (Japanese: リオル Riolu) is a Fighting-type baby Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
Its body is little yet powerful. It can crest three mountains and cross two canyons in one night.



Lucario (Japanese: ルカリオ Lucario) is a dual-type Fighting/Steel Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
By catching the Aura emanating from others, it can read their thoughts and movements.



Hippopotas (Japanese: ヒポポタス Hippopotas) is a Ground-type Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
It shuts its nostrils tight then travels through the sand as if walking. They form colonies of around ten.




Hippowdon (Japanese: カバルドン Kabaldon) is a Ground-type Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
Its huge mouth is almost seven feet across. It has enough power to completely crush a car.



Skorupi (Japanese: スコルピ Scorupi) is a dual-type Poison/Bug Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
It grips prey with its tail claws and injects poison. It tenaciously hangs on until the poison takes.



Drapion (Japanese: ドラピオン Dorapion) is a dual-type Poison/Dark Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
Possessing a sturdy build, it takes pride in its strength, taking down foes without using toxins.




Croagunk (Japanese: グレッグル Gureggru) is a dual-type Poison/Fighting Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
It rarely fights fairly, but that is strictly to ensure survival. It is popular as a mascot.


Toxicroak (Japanese: ドクロッグ Dokurog) is a dual-type Poison/Fighting Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
The toxin made in its poison sacs is pumped to the knuckle claws through tubes down its arms.




Carnivine (Japanese: マスキッパ Muskippa) is a Grass-type Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
It attracts prey with its sweet-smelling saliva, then chomps down. It takes a whole day to eat prey.





Finneon (Japanese: ケイコウオ Keikouo) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
The line running down its side can store sunlight. It shines vividly at night.




Lumineon (Japanese: ネオラント Neolant) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
It lives on the deep-sea floor. It attracts prey by flashing the patterns on its four tail fins.




Mantyke (Japanese: タマンタ Tamanta) is a dual-type Water/Flying baby Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
When it swims close to the surface of the ocean, people aboard ships are able to observe the pattern on its back.


Snover (Japanese: ユキカブリ Yukikaburi) is a dual-type Grass/Ice Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
During cold seasons, it migrates to the mountain's lower reaches. It returns to the snow-covered summit in the spring.


Abomasnow (Japanese: ユキノオー Yukinooh) is a dual-type Grass/Ice Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
It blankets wide areas in snow by whipping up blizzards. It is also known as "The Ice Monster."



Weavile (Japanese: マニューラ Manyula) is a dual-type Dark/Ice Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
They travel in groups of four or five, leaving signs for one another on trees and rocks. They bring down their prey with coordinated attacks.





Magnezone (Japanese: ジバコイル Jibacoil) is a dual-type Electric/Steel Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
As it zooms through the sky, this Pokémon seems to be receiving signals of unknown origin, while transmitting signals of unknown purpose.


Lickilicky (Japanese: ベロベルト Berobelt) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
Lickilicky's strange tongue can stretch to many times the length of its body. No one has figured out how Lickilicky's tongue can stretch so far.


Rhyperior (Japanese: ドサイドン Dosidon) is a dual-type Ground/Rock Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
It can load up to three projectiles per arm into the holes in its hands. What launches out of those holes could be either rocks or Roggenrola.


Tangrowth (Japanese: モジャンボ Mojumbo) is a Grass-type Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
Tangrowth has two arms that it can extend as it pleases. Recent research has shown that these arms are, in fact, bundles of vines.


Electivire (Japanese: エレキブル Elekible) is an Electric-type Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
It pushes the tips of its tails against its foes and then lets loose a high-voltage current. Its foes are burned to a crisp in an instant.



Magmortar (Japanese: ブーバーン Booburn) is a Fire-type Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
When Magmortar inhales deeply, the fire burning in its belly intensifies, rising in temperature to over 3,600 degrees Fahrenheit.



Togekiss (Japanese: トゲキッス Togekiss) is a dual-type Fairy/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation IV. Prior to Generation VI, it was a dual-type Normal/Flying Pokémon.
These Pokémon are never seen anywhere near conflict or turmoil. In recent times, they've hardly been seen at all.



Yanmega (Japanese: メガヤンマ Megayanma) is a dual-type Bug/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
Extremely violent. When hunting, it wastes none of its energy, aiming only for prey's most vulnerable spots. Any who manage to tame this Pokémon must be of incredible bravery.



Leafeon (Japanese: リーフィア Leafia) is a Grass-type Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
Its cellular composition is closer to that of a plant than an animal. It uses photosynthesis to produce its energy supply without eating food.



Glaceon (Japanese: グレイシア Glacia) is an Ice-type Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
It can control its body temperature at will. This enables it to freeze the moisture in the atmosphere, creating flurries of diamond dust.



Gliscor (Japanese: グライオン Glion) is a dual-type Ground/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
It glides soundlessly on pitch-black wings and sinks sharp fangs into the throat of its prey. It takes on a look of satisfaction once it has entirely drained its prey of blood.


Mamoswine (Japanese: マンムー Mammoo) is a dual-type Ice/Ground Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
A frozen Mamoswine was dug from ice dating back 10,000 years. This Pokémon has been around a long, long, long time.



Porygon-Z (Japanese: ポリゴンZ Porygon-Z) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
Its behavior is noticeably unstable, which is apparently due to the incompetence of the engineer who updated its programming.



Gallade (Japanese: エルレイド Erureido) is a dual-type Psychic/Fighting Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
The blades extending from its elbows are sharper than the finest swords. Its swordsmanship, albeit self-taught, is astonishingly impressive.


Probopass (Japanese: ダイノーズ Dainose) is a dual-type Rock/Steel Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
It is able to emit powerful magnetism, allowing it control over the iron sand that forms its luscious mustache. Using this iron sand, Probopass forms hard stones with which it smites its prey.


Dusknoir (Japanese: ヨノワール Yonoir) is a Ghost-type Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
With the mouth on its belly, Dusknoir swallows its target whole. The soul is the only thing eaten— Dusknoir disgorges the body before departing.



Froslass (Japanese: ユキメノコ Yukimenoko) is a dual-type Ice/Ghost Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
After a woman met her end on a snowy mountain, her regrets lingered on. From them, this Pokémon was born. Its favorite food is frozen souls.


Rotom (Japanese: ロトム Rotom) is a dual-type Electric/Ghost Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
Its electric-like body can enter some kinds of machines and take control in order to make mischief.


Rotom base (Japanese: ロトム Rotom) Rotom is an Electric/Ghost type Pokémon introduced in Generation 4, Pokedex number: #479. It is known as the Plasma Pokémon. Rotom has 5 alternate forms introduced in Pokémon Platinum. Rotom transforms when it possesses different household appliances: an oven (Heat Rotom), a washing machine (Wash Rotom), a refrigerator (Frost Rotom), a fan (Fan Rotom), and a lawnmower (Mow Rotom).


Rotom Fan (Japanese: ロトム Rotom) is introduced in generation 4 it has 5 alternate forms. This Rotom has taken over a fan that has a special motor. Its gusts of wind blow its opponents away! Rotom fan applies its new power over wind to its love of pranks. It will happily blow away any important documents it can find.


Rotom Heat (Japanese: ロトム Rotom) is introduced in generation 4 it has 5 alternate forms. This Rotom has possessed a convection microwave oven that uses a special motor. It also has a flair for manipulating flames. This form enjoys making mischief by turning up the heat. It will gleefully burn your favourite outfit. 


Rotom Frost (Japanese: ロトム Rotom) is introduced in generation 4 it has 5 alternate forms. Rotom assumes this form when it takes over a refrigerator powered by a special motor. It battles by spewing cold air. When it’s like this, Rotom likes to play pranks that are freezing cold. You may find it’s turned the bath you just filled to solid ice!


Rotom Mow (Japanese: ロトム Rotom) is introduced in generation 4 it has 5 alternate forms. This is Rotom after it’s seized control of a lawn mower that has a special motor. As it mows down grass, it scatters the clippings everywhere. Rotom focuses its antics on plants. Any flowers you were growing are going to get mowed down.


Rotom Wash (Japanese: ロトム Rotom) is introduced in generation 4 it has 5 alternate forms. This Rotom has possessed a washing machine that uses a special motor. It blasts out water to get enemies to back down. Rotom also enjoys coming up with water-based pranks. Be careful with it if you don’t want your room flooded.



Uxie (Japanese: ユクシー Yuxie) is a Psychic-type Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
When Uxie flew, people gained the ability to solve problems. It was the birth of knowledge. According to some sources, this Pokémon provided people with the intelligence necessary to solve various problems.




Mesprit (Japanese: エムリット Emrit) is a Psychic-type Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
When Mesprit flew, people learned the joy and sadness of living. It was the birth of emotions. This Pokémon is said to have endowed the human heart with emotions, such as sorrow and joy.





Azelf (Japanese: アグノム Agnome) is a Psychic-type Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
When Azelf flew, people gained the determination to do things. It was the birth of willpower. This Pokémon is said to have endowed humans with the determination needed to face any of life's difficulties.



Dialga (Japanese: ディアルガ Dialga) is a dual-type Steel/Dragon Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
This Pokémon is spoken of in legend. It is said that time began moving when Dialga was born. This Pokémon is revered as a deity in Hisuian legend. The birth of Dialga was what caused the vast river of time to begin flowing in our world.



Palkia (Japanese: パルキア Palkia) is a dual-type Water/Dragon Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
Its total control over the boundaries of space enables it to transport itself to faraway places or even other dimensions. This Pokémon is feared as a deity in Hisuian legend. The birth of Palkia was what caused the walls of our world to disappear, creating a sky that spans for infinity.



Heatran (Japanese: ヒードラン Heatran) is a dual-type Fire/Steel Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
Boiling blood, like magma, circulates through its body. It makes its dwelling place in volcanic caves. Stories tell of this Pokémon being birthed from the boiling magma within Mount Coronet. Its molten-steel body holds many mysteries.



Regigigas (Japanese: レジギガス Regigigas) is a Normal-type Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
It is believed to have shaped Regirock, Regice, and Registeel out of clay, ice, and magma. It's said that Regigigas created other Pokémon from many different materials before it moved the continents to where they are today.


Giratina (Japanese: ギラティナ Giratina) is a dual-type Ghost/Dragon Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
This Pokémon is said to live in a world on the reverse side of ours, where common knowledge is distorted and strange. It was banished for its violence. It silently gazed upon the old world from the Distortion World.


Giratina Origin (Japanese: ギラティナ Giratina) is a dual-type Ghost/Dragon Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
Giratina Origin Forme loses its legs upon changing into this form. I believe this Pokémon must hail from a world where the heavens and the earth are as one, though I have no way of proving it.



Cresselia (Japanese: クレセリア Cresselia) is a Psychic-type Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
Shiny particles are released from its wings like a veil. It is said to represent the crescent moon. Cresselia is reminiscent of the crescent moon. It leaves a brilliant line of light in its wake as it flies across the night sky. I daresay it resembles the heavenly maiden who created the Milky Way.


Phione (Japanese: フィオネ Phione) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
Phione can be seen floating offshore during seasons when the seas are warm. Its azure body blends in with the ocean waters—logic suggests this is a defence mechanism against natural predators.



Manaphy (Japanese: マナフィ Manaphy) is a Water-type Mythical Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
Rumored to migrate across the oceans and visit Hisui's coastal waters only rarely. Although Manaphy resembles Phione, it is also quite different. The relation between the two is unclear.


Darkrai (Japanese: ダークライ Darkrai) is a Dark-type Mythical Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
It can lull people to sleep and make them dream. It is active during nights of a new moon. To protect itself, it afflicts those around it with nightmares. However, it means no harm.


Shaymin (Japanese: シェイミ Shaymin) is a Grass-type Mythical Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
It lives in flower patches and avoids detection by curling up to look like a flowering plant.


Arceus (Japanese: アルセウス Arceus) is a Normal-type Mythical Pokémon introduced in Generation IV.
It is told in mythology that this Pokémon was born before the universe even existed. It is the heavenly fount from which pours the light that shines across Hisui. Its luminance guides and protects all Pokémon. Hisuian mythology states that Arceus is the creator of all things.


Victini (Japanese: ビクティニ Victini) is a dual-type Psychic/Fire Mythical Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
It creates an unlimited supply of energy inside its body, which it shares with those who touch it. When it shares the infinite energy it creates, that being’s entire body will be overflowing with power.






























Generation 5:





Snivy (Japanese: ツタージャ Tsutarja) is a Grass-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
It is very intelligent and calm. Being exposed to lots of sunlight makes its movements swifter.


Servine (Japanese: ジャノビー Janovy) is a Grass-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
It moves along the ground as if sliding. Its swift movements befuddle its foes, and it then attacks with a vine whip.


Serperior (Japanese: ジャローダ Jalorda) is a Grass-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
It can stop its opponents’ movements with just a glare. It takes in solar energy and boosts it internally.



Tepig (Japanese: ポカブ Pokabu) is a Fire-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
It loves to eat roasted berries, but sometimes it gets too excited and burns them to a crisp.



Pignite (Japanese: チャオブー Chaoboo) is a dual-type Fire/Fighting Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Whatever it eats becomes fuel for the flame in its stomach. When it is angered, the intensity of the flame increases.



Emboar (Japanese: エンブオー Enbuoh) is a dual-type Fire/Fighting Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
It can throw a fire punch by setting its fists on fire with its fiery chin. It cares deeply about its friends.



Oshawott (Japanese: ミジュマル Mijumaru) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
It fights using the scalchop on its stomach. In response to an attack, it retaliates immediately by slashing.



Dewott (Japanese: フタチマル Futachimaru) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Scalchop techniques differ from one Dewott to another. It never neglects maintaining its scalchops.



Samurott (Japanese: ダイケンキ Daikenki) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
One swing of the sword incorporated in its armor can fell an opponent. A simple glare from one of them quiets everybody.




Patrat (Japanese: ミネズミ Minezumi) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Using food stored in cheek pouches, they can keep watch for days. They use their tails to communicate with others.



Watchog (Japanese: ミルホッグ Miruhog) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
When they see an enemy, their tails stand high, and they spit the seeds of berries stored in their cheek pouches.



Lillipup (Japanese: ヨーテリー Yorterrie) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
It faces strong opponents with great courage. But, when at a disadvantage in a fight, this intelligent Pokémon flees.



Herdier (Japanese: ハーデリア Herderrie) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
It has black, cape-like fur that is very hard and decreases the amount of damage it receives.



Stoutland (Japanese: ムーランド Mooland) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
This extremely wise Pokémon excels at rescuing people stranded at sea or in the mountains.



Purrloin (Japanese: チョロネコ Choroneko) is a Dark-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
They steal from people for fun, but their victims can’t help but forgive them. Their deceptively cute act is perfect.



Liepard (Japanese: レパルダス Lepardas) is a Dark-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
These Pokémon vanish and appear unexpectedly. Many Trainers are drawn to their beautiful form and fur.



Pansage (Japanese: ヤナップ Yanappu) is a Grass-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
This Pokémon dwells deep in the forest. Eating a leaf from its head whisks weariness away as if by magic.


Simisage (Japanese: ヤナッキー Yanakkie) is a Grass-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
It attacks enemies with strikes of its thorn-covered tail. This Pokémon is wild tempered.



Pansear (Japanese: バオップ Baoppu) is a Fire-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
This Pokémon lives in caves in volcanoes. The fire within the tuft on its head can reach 600°F.



Simisear (Japanese: バオッキー Baokkie) is a Fire-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
It loves sweets because they become energy for the fire burning inside its body.



Panpour (Japanese: ヒヤップ Hiyappu) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
The water stored inside the tuft on its head is full of nutrients. Plants that receive its water grow large.



Simipour (Japanese: ヒヤッキー Hiyakkie) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
The tuft on its head holds water. When the level runs low, it replenishes the tuft by siphoning up water with its tail.



Munna (Japanese: ムンナ Munna) is a Psychic-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Munna always float in the air. People whose dreams are eaten by them forget what the dreams had been about



Musharna (Japanese: ムシャーナ Musharna) is a Psychic-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
The mist emanating from their foreheads is packed with the dreams of people and Pokémon.




Pidove (Japanese: マメパト Mamepato) is a dual-type Normal/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
These Pokémon live in cities. They are accustomed to people. Flocks often gather in parks and plazas.



Tranquill (Japanese: ハトーボー Hatoboh) is a dual-type Normal/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
No matter where in the world it goes, it knows where its nest is, so it never gets separated from its Trainer.



Unfezant (Japanese: ケンホロウ Kenhallow) is a Normal/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Unfezant are exceptional fliers. The females are known for their stamina, while the males outclass them in terms of speed.



Blitzle (Japanese: シママ Shimama) is an Electric-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Its mane shines when it discharges electricity. They use their flashing manes to communicate with one another.



Zebstrika (Japanese: ゼブライカ Zebraika) is an Electric-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
They have lightning-like movements. When Zebstrika run at full speed, the sound of thunder reverberates.



Roggenrola (Japanese: ダンゴロ Dangoro) is a Rock-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
They were discovered a hundred years ago in an earthquake fissure. Inside each one is an energy core.



Boldore (Japanese: ガントル Gantle) is a Rock-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
When it overflows with power, the orange crystal on its body glows. It looks for underground water in caves.



Gigalith (Japanese: ギガイアス Gigaiath) is a Rock-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
The solar energy absorbed by its body’s orange crystals is magnified internally and fired from its mouth.



Woobat (Japanese: コロモリ Koromori) is a dual-type Psychic/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Suction from its nostrils enables it to stick to cave walls during sleep. It leaves a heart-shaped mark behind.



Swoobat (Japanese: ココロモリ Kokoromori) is a dual-type Psychic/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Anyone who comes into contact with the ultrasonic waves emitted by a courting male experiences a positive mood shift.



Drilbur (Japanese: モグリュー Mogurew) is a Ground-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
It can dig through the ground at a speed of 30 mph. It could give a car running aboveground a good race.



Excadrill (Japanese: ドリュウズ Doryuzu) is a dual-type Ground/Steel Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Forming a drill with its steel claws and head, it can bore through a steel plate, no matter how thick it is.



Audino (Japanese: タブンネ Tabunne) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
It touches others with the feelers on its ears, using the sound of their heartbeats to tell how they are feeling.



Timburr (Japanese: ドッコラー Dokkorer) is a Fighting-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
It fights by swinging a piece of lumber around. It is close to evolving when it can handle the lumber without difficulty.



Gurdurr (Japanese: ドテッコツ Dotekkotsu) is a Fighting-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
This Pokémon is so muscular and strongly built that even a group of wrestlers could not make it budge an inch.



Conkeldurr (Japanese: ローブシン Roubushin) is a Fighting-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
They use concrete pillars as walking canes. They know moves that enable them to swing the pillars freely in battle.



Tympole (Japanese: オタマロ Otamaro) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
By vibrating its cheeks, it emits sound waves imperceptible to humans. It uses the rhythm of these sounds to talk.



Palpitoad (Japanese: ガマガル Gamagaru) is a dual-type Water/Ground Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
When they vibrate the bumps on their heads, they can make waves in water or earthquake-like vibrations on land.


Seismitoad (Japanese: ガマゲロゲ Gamageroge) is a dual-type Water/Ground Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
It increases the power of its punches by vibrating the bumps on its fists. It can turn a boulder to rubble with one punch.



Throh (Japanese: ナゲキ Nageki) is a Fighting-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
When it tightens its belt, it becomes stronger. Wild Throh use vines to weave their own belts.



Sawk (Japanese: ダゲキ Dageki) is a Fighting-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
The sound of Sawk punching boulders and trees can be heard all the way from the mountains where they train.




Sewaddle (Japanese: クルミル Kurumiru) is a dual-type Bug/Grass Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
This Pokémon makes clothes for itself. It chews up leaves and sews them with sticky thread extruded from its mouth.



Swadloon (Japanese: クルマユ Kurumayu) is a dual-type Bug/Grass Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Forests where Swadloon live have superb foliage because the nutrients they make from fallen leaves nourish the plant life.



Leavanny (Japanese: ハハコモリ Hahakomori) is a dual-type Bug/Grass Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
It keeps its eggs warm with heat from fermenting leaves. It also uses leaves to make warm wrappings for Sewaddle.




Venipede (Japanese: フシデ Fushide) is a Bug/Poison Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Its bite injects a potent poison, enough to paralyze large bird Pokémon that try to prey on it.



Whirlipede (Japanese: ホイーガ Wheega) is a dual-type Bug/Poison Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Protected by a hard shell, it spins its body like a wheel and crashes furiously into its enemies.




Scolipede (Japanese: ペンドラー Pendror) is a dual-type Bug/Poison Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Highly aggressive, it uses the claws near its neck to dig into its opponents and poison them.




Cottonee (Japanese: モンメン Monmen) is a dual-type Grass/Fairy Pokémon introduced in Generation V. Prior to Generation VI, it was a pure Grass-type Pokémon.
They go wherever the wind takes them. On rainy days, their bodies are heavier, so they take shelter beneath big trees.




Whimsicott (Japanese: エルフーン Elfuun) is a dual Grass/Fairy Pokémon introduced in Generation V. Prior to Generation VI, it was a pure Grass-type Pokémon.
Like the wind, it can slip through any gap, no matter how small. It leaves balls of white fluff behind.



Petilil (Japanese: チュリネ Churine) is a Grass-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
The leaves on its head are very bitter. Eating one of these leaves is known to refresh a tired body.




Lilligant (Japanese: ドレディア Dredear) is a Grass-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
The fragrance of the garland on its head has a relaxing effect. It withers if a Trainer does not take good care of it.




Basculin (Japanese: バスラオ Bassrao) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Red and blue Basculin get along so poorly, they’ll start fighting instantly. These Pokémon are very hostile.




Sandile (Japanese: メグロコ Meguroco) is a dual-type Ground/Dark Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
They live buried in the sands of the desert. The sun-warmed sands prevent their body temperature from dropping.



Krokorok (Japanese: ワルビル Waruvile) is a dual-type Ground/Dark Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
They live in groups of a few individuals. Protective membranes shield their eyes from sandstorms.



Krookodile (Japanese: ワルビアル Waruvial) is a dual-type Ground/Dark Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
They never allow prey to escape. Their jaws are so powerful, they can crush the body of an automobile.



Darumaka (Japanese: ダルマッカ Darumakka) is a Fire-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Darumaka’s droppings are hot, so people used to put them in their clothes to keep themselves warm.



Darmanitan (Japanese: ヒヒダルマ Hihidaruma) is a Fire-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
When weakened in battle, it transforms into a stone statue. Then it sharpens its mind and fights on mentally.



Maractus (Japanese: マラカッチ Maracacchi) is a Grass-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Arid regions are their habitat. They move rhythmically, making a sound similar to maracas.



Dwebble (Japanese: イシズマイ Ishizumai) is a dual-type Bug/Rock Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
This Pokémon can easily melt holes in hard rocks with a liquid secreted from its mouth.




Crustle (Japanese: イワパレス Iwapalace) is a dual-type Bug/Rock Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
It possesses legs of enormous strength, enabling it to carry heavy slabs for many days, even when crossing arid land.




Scraggy (Japanese: ズルッグ Zuruggu) is a dual-type Dark/Fighting Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
It immediately headbutts anyone that makes eye contact with it. Its skull is massively thick.




Scrafty (Japanese: ズルズキン Zuruzukin) is a dual-type Dark/Fighting Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Groups of them beat up anything that enter their territory. Each can spit acidic liquid from its mouth.



Sigilyph (Japanese: シンボラー Symboler) is a dual-type Psychic/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
The guardians of an ancient city, they use their psychic power to attack enemies that invade their territory.



Yamask (Japanese: デスマス Desumasu) is a Ghost-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
These Pokémon arose from the spirits of people interred in graves in past ages. Each retains memories of its former life.



Cofagrigus (Japanese: デスカーン Desukarn) is a Ghost-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
They pretend to be elaborate coffins to teach lessons to grave robbers. Their bodies are covered in pure gold.



Tirtouga (Japanese: プロトーガ Protoga) is a Water/Rock Fossil Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
About 100 million years ago, these Pokémon swam in oceans. It is thought they also went on land to attack prey.



Carracosta (Japanese: アバゴーラ Abagoura) is a dual-type Water/Rock Fossil Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
They can live both in the ocean and on land. A slap from one of them is enough to open a hole in the bottom of a tanker.



Archen (Japanese: アーケン Archen) is a dual-type Rock/Flying Fossil Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Said to be an ancestor of bird Pokémon, they were unable to fly and moved about by hopping from one branch to another.



Archeops (Japanese: アーケオス Archeos) is a dual-type Rock/Flying Fossil Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
They are intelligent and will cooperate to catch prey. From the ground, they use a running start to take flight.



Trubbish (Japanese: ヤブクロン Yabukuron) is a Poison-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
The combination of garbage bags and industrial waste caused the chemical reaction that created this Pokémon.



Garbodor (Japanese: ダストダス Dustdas) is a Poison-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
They absorb garbage and make it part of their bodies. They shoot a poisonous liquid from their right-hand fingertips.




Zorua (Japanese: ゾロア Zorua) is a Dark-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
To protect themselves from danger, they hide their true identities by transforming into people and Pokémon.



Zoroark (Japanese: ゾロアーク Zoroark) is a Dark-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Each has the ability to fool a large group of people simultaneously. They protect their lair with illusory scenery.



Minccino (Japanese: チラーミィ Chillarmy) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
They greet one another by rubbing each other with their tails, which are always kept well groomed and clean.



Cinccino (Japanese: チラチーノ Chillaccino) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Their white fur is coated in a special oil that makes it easy for them to deflect attacks.



Gothita (Japanese: ゴチム Gothimu) is a Psychic-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Their ribbonlike feelers increase their psychic power. They are always staring at something.



Gothorita (Japanese: ゴチミル Gothimiru) is a Psychic-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
They use hypnosis to control people and Pokémon. Tales of Gothorita leading people astray are told in every corner.




Gothitelle (Japanese: ゴチルゼル Gothiruselle) is a Psychic-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
They can predict the future from the placement and movement of the stars. They can see Trainers’ life spans.



Solosis (Japanese: ユニラン Uniran) is a Psychic-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
They drive away attackers by unleashing psychic power. They can use telepathy to talk with others.



Duosion (Japanese: ダブラン Doublan) is a Psychic-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
When their brains, now divided in two, are thinking the same thoughts, these Pokémon exhibit their maximum power.



Reuniclus (Japanese: ランクルス Lanculus) is a Psychic-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
These remarkably intelligent Pokémon fight by controlling arms that can grip with rock-crushing power.



Ducklett (Japanese: コアルヒー Koaruhie) is a dual-type Water/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
These bird Pokémon are excellent divers. They swim around in the water eating their favorite food—peat moss.



Swanna (Japanese: スワンナ Swanna) is a dual-type Water/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Swanna start to dance at dusk. The one dancing in the middle is the leader of the flock.



Vanillite (Japanese: バニプッチ Vanipeti) is an Ice-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
This Pokémon formed from icicles bathed in energy from the morning sun. It sleeps buried in snow.



Vanillish (Japanese: バニリッチ Vanirich) is an Ice-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Snowy mountains are this Pokémon’s habitat. During an ancient ice age, they moved to southern areas.



Vanilluxe (Japanese: バイバニラ Baivanilla) is an Ice-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Swallowing large amounts of water, they make snow clouds inside their bodies and attack their foes with violent blizzards.




Deerling (Japanese: シキジカ Shikijika) is a dual-type Normal/Grass Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
The colour and scent of their fur changes to match the mountain grass. When they sense hostility, they hide in the grass.


Sawsbuck (Japanese: メブキジカ Mebukijika) is a dual-type Normal/Grass Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
The plants growing on its horns change according to the season. The leaders of the herd possess magnificent horns.



Emolga (Japanese: エモンガ Emonga) is a dual-type Electric/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
They live on treetops and glide using the inside of a cape-like membrane while discharging electricity.



Karrablast (Japanese: カブルモ Kaburumo) is a Bug-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
These mysterious Pokémon evolve when they receive electrical stimulation while they are in the same place as Shelmet.



Escavalier (Japanese: シュバルゴ Chevargo) is a dual-type Bug/Steel Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
They fly around at high speed, striking with their pointed spears. Even when in trouble, they face opponents bravely.



Foongus (Japanese: タマゲタケ Tamagetake) is a dual-type Grass/Poison Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
It lures people in with its Poké Ball pattern, then releases poison spores. Why it resembles a Poké Ball is unknown.



Amoonguss (Japanese: モロバレル Morobareru) is a dual-type Grass/Poison Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
It lures prey close by dancing and waving its arm caps, which resemble Poké Balls, in a swaying motion.


Frillish (Japanese: プルリル Pururill) is a dual-type Water/Ghost Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
They paralyze prey with poison, then drag them down to their lairs, five miles below the surface.



Jellicent (Japanese: ブルンゲル Burungel) is a dual-type Water/Ghost Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
They propel themselves by expelling absorbed seawater from their bodies. Their favorite food is life energy.



Alomomola (Japanese: ママンボウ Mamanbou) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Floating in the open sea is how they live. When they find a wounded Pokémon, they embrace it and bring it to shore.



Joltik (Japanese: バチュル Bachuru) is a dual-type Bug/Electric Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
They attach themselves to large-bodied Pokémon and absorb static electricity, which they store in an electric pouch.




Galvantula (Japanese: デンチュラ Dentula) is a dual-type Bug/Electric Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
When attacked, they create an electric barrier by spitting out many electrically charged threads.



Ferroseed (Japanese: テッシード Tesseed) is a dual-type Grass/Steel Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
When threatened, it attacks by shooting a barrage of spikes, which gives it a chance to escape by rolling away.



Ferrothorn (Japanese: ナットレイ Nutrey) is a dual-type Grass/Steel Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
They attach themselves to cave ceilings, firing steel spikes at targets passing beneath them.



Klink (Japanese: ギアル Giaru) is a Steel-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
The two minigears that mesh together are predetermined. Each will rebound from other minigears without meshing.



Klang (Japanese: ギギアル Gigiaru) is a Steel-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Spinning minigears are rotated at high speed and repeatedly fired away. It is dangerous if the gears don’t return.



Klinklang (Japanese: ギギギアル Gigigiaru) is a Steel-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Its red core functions as an energy tank. It fires the charged energy through its spikes into an area.



Tynamo (Japanese: シビシラス Shibishirasu) is an Electric-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
While one alone doesn’t have much power, a chain of many Tynamo can be as powerful as lightning.



Eelektrik (Japanese: シビビール Shibibeel) is an Electric-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
These Pokémon have a big appetite. When they spot their prey, they attack it and paralyze it with electricity.



Eelektross (Japanese: シビルドン Shibirudon) is an Electric-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
They crawl out of the ocean using their arms. They will attack prey on shore and immediately drag it into the ocean.



Elgyem (Japanese: リグレー Ligray) is a Psychic-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
It uses its strong psychic power to squeeze its opponent’s brain, causing unendurable headaches.



Beheeyem (Japanese: オーベム Ohbem) is a Psychic-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
It can manipulate an opponent’s memory. Apparently, it communicates by flashing its three different-colored fingers.


Litwick (Japanese: ヒトモシ Hitomoshi) is a dual-type Ghost/Fire Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Litwick shines a light that absorbs the life energy of people and Pokémon, which becomes the fuel that it burns.





Lampent (Japanese: ランプラー Lampler) is a dual-type Ghost/Fire Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
This ominous Pokémon is feared. Through cities it wanders, searching for the spirits of the fallen.



Chandelure (Japanese: シャンデラ Chandela) is a dual-type Ghost/Fire Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Being consumed in Chandelure’s flame burns up the spirit, leaving the body behind.



Axew (Japanese: キバゴ Kibago) is a Dragon-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
They use their tusks to crush the berries they eat. Repeated regrowth makes their tusks strong and sharp.



Fraxure (Japanese: オノンド Onondo) is a Dragon-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Since a broken tusk will not grow back, they diligently sharpen their tusks on river rocks after they’ve been fighting.



Haxorus (Japanese: オノノクス Ononokus) is a Dragon-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
They are kind but can be relentless when defending territory. They challenge foes with tusks that can cut steel.



Cubchoo (Japanese: クマシュン Kumasyun) is an Ice-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
When it is not feeling well, its mucus gets watery and the power of its Ice-type moves decreases.



Beartic (Japanese: ツンベアー Tunbear) is an Ice-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
It can make its breath freeze at will. Very able in the water, it swims around in northern seas and catches prey.



Cryogonal (Japanese: フリージオ Freegeo) is an Ice-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
When its body temperature goes up, it turns into steam and vanishes. When its temperature lowers, it returns to ice.



Shelmet (Japanese: チョボマキ Chobomaki) is a Bug-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
When attacked, it defends itself by closing the lid of its shell. It can spit a sticky, poisonous liquid.


Accelgor (Japanese: アギルダー Agilder) is a Bug-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
When its body dries out, it weakens. So, to prevent dehydration, it wraps itself in many layers of thin membrane.


Stunfisk (Japanese: マッギョ Maggyo) is a dual-type Ground/Electric Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Its skin is very hard, so it is unhurt even if stepped on by sumo wrestlers. It smiles when transmitting electricity.


Mienfoo (Japanese: コジョフー Kojofu) is a Fighting-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
They have mastered elegant combos. As they concentrate, their battle moves become swifter and more precise.


Mienshao (Japanese: コジョンド Kojondo) is a Fighting-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Using the long fur on its arms like whips, it launches into combo attacks that, once started, no one can stop.



Druddigon (Japanese: クリムガン Crimgan) is a Dragon-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
It warms its body by absorbing sunlight with its wings. When its body temperature falls, it can no longer move.


Golett (Japanese: ゴビット Gobit) is a dual-type Ground/Ghost Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
The energy that burns inside it enables it to move, but no one has yet been able to identify this energy.



Golurk (Japanese: ゴルーグ Goloog) is a dual-type Ground/Ghost Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
It flies across the sky at Mach speeds. Removing the seal on its chest makes its internal energy go out of control.


Pawniard (Japanese: コマタナ Komatana) is a dual-type Dark/Steel Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Blades comprise this Pokémon’s entire body. If battling dulls the blades, it sharpens them on stones by the river.


Bisharp (Japanese: キリキザン Kirikizan) is a dual-type Dark/Steel Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
It's accompanied by a large retinue of Pawniard. Bisharp keeps a keen eye on its minions, ensuring none of them even think of double-crossing it.


Bouffalant (Japanese: バッフロン Buffron) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
These Pokémon can crush a car with no more than a headbutt. Bouffalant with more hair on their heads hold higher positions within the herd.


Rufflet (Japanese: ワシボン Washibon) is a dual-type Normal/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
They will challenge anything, even strong opponents, without fear. Their frequent fights help them become stronger.



Braviary (Japanese: ウォーグル Warrgle) is a dual-type Normal/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Known as “the hero of the skies,” this Pokémon is so proud and so brave that it will never retreat, even when it's injured.


Vullaby (Japanese: バルチャイ Valchai) is a dual-type Dark/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Their wings are too tiny to allow them to fly. They guard their posteriors with bones that were gathered by Mandibuzz.


Mandibuzz (Japanese: バルジーナ Vulgina) is a dual-type Dark/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
They adorn themselves beautifully with bones. This is supposedly an effort to attract males, but no male Mandibuzz have ever been found.



Heatmor (Japanese: クイタラン Kuitaran) is a Fire-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
It draws in air through its tail, transforms it into fire, and uses it like a tongue. It melts Durant and eats them.



Durant (Japanese: アイアント Aiant) is a dual-type Bug/Steel Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
They lay their eggs deep inside their nests. When attacked by Heatmor, they retaliate using their massive mandibles.




Deino (Japanese: モノズ Monozu) is a dual-type Dark/Dragon Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
They cannot see, so they tackle and bite to learn about their surroundings. Their bodies are covered in wounds.


Zweilous (Japanese: ジヘッド Dihead) is a dual-type Dark/Dragon Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Their two heads will fight each other over a single piece of food. Zweilous are covered in scars even without battling others.


Hydreigon (Japanese: サザンドラ Sazandora) is a dual-type Dark/Dragon pseudo-legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
This brutal Pokémon travels the skies on its six wings. Anything that moves seems like a foe to it, triggering its attack.


Larvesta (Japanese: メラルバ Merlarva) is a dual-type Bug/Fire Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Said to have been born from the sun, it spews fire from its horns and encases itself in a cocoon of fire when it evolves.


Volcarona (Japanese: ウルガモス Ulgamoth) is a dual-type Bug/Fire Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Volcarona scatters burning scales. Some say it does this to start fires. Others say it's trying to rescue those that suffer in the cold.


Cobalion (Japanese: コバルオン Cobalon) is a dual-type Steel/Fighting Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
It has a body and heart of steel. It worked with its allies to punish people when they hurt Pokémon. This Pokémon appears in a legend alongside Terrakion and Virizion, fighting against humans in defense of the Unova region's Pokémon.




Terrakion (Japanese: テラキオン Terrakion) is a dual-type Rock/Fighting Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Its charge is strong enough to break through a giant castle wall in one blow. This Pokémon is spoken of in legends. It has phenomenal power. It will mercilessly crush anyone or anything that bullies small Pokémon.


Virizion (Japanese: ビリジオン Virizion) is a dual-type Grass/Fighting Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Its head sprouts horns as sharp as blades. Using whirlwind-like movements, it confounds and swiftly cuts opponents. Legends say this Pokémon confounded opponents with its swift movements.


Therian Tornadus (Japanese: トルネロス Tornelos) is a Flying-type Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
An example of what is known as a “form change,” though I suspect this strange avian guise to be Tornadus’s true form. Tornadus has been sighted crossing the ocean while in this form.


Tornadus (Japanese: トルネロス Tornelos) is a Flying-type Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
The lower half of its body is wrapped in a cloud of energy. It zooms through the sky at 200 mph. Tornadus expels massive energy from its tail, causing severe storms. Its power is great enough to blow houses away.


Therian Thundurus (Japanese: ボルトロス Voltolos) is a dual-type Electric/Flying Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Quick as a flash, it materializes out of nowhere. It pulverizes foes into nothingness with showers of devastatingly powerful lightning bolts launched from the string of orbs on its tail.


Thundurus (Japanese: ボルトロス Voltolos) is a dual-type Electric/Flying Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
They say this wielder of electricity has waged war with its nemesis, Tornadus, since time immemorial. The lightning bolts it hurls pierce the very earth and enrich the soil.


Reshiram (Japanese: レシラム Reshiram) is a dual-type Dragon/Fire Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
When Reshiram's tail flares, the heat energy moves the atmosphere and changes the world's weather. Flames spew from its tail as it flies through the sky like a jet airplane. It's said that this Pokémon will scorch the world.


Zekrom (Japanese: ゼクロム Zekrom) is a dual-type Dragon/Electric Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Concealing itself in lightning clouds, it flies throughout the Unova region. It creates electricity in its tail. When the interior part of its tail spins like a motor, Zekrom can generate many bolts of lightning to blast its surroundings.


Landorus (Japanese: ランドロス Landlos) is a dual-type Ground/Flying Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
When the incarnations of wind and of lightning clash, Landorus arrives to quell the conflict. After the tempests and thunderbolts abate, the land is sure to be blessed with bountiful harvests.



Therian Landorus (Japanese: ランドロス Landlos) is a dual-type Ground/Flying Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Landorus soars through the sky in this form, bestowing plentiful harvests upon the land and earning the people's reverence. It can traverse the whole of Hisui in a mere couple of hours.


Kyurem (Japanese: キュレム Kyurem) is a dual-type Dragon/Ice Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
It appears that this Pokémon uses its powers over ice to freeze its own body in order to stabilize its cellular structure. Dwelling within it is a power even greater than that of Reshiram or Zekrom, but the extreme cold keeps that power bound.


White Kyurem (Japanese: キュレム Kyurem) is a dual-type Dragon/Ice Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
The sameness of Reshiram's and Kyurem's genes allowed Kyurem to absorb Reshiram. Kyurem can now use the power of both fire and ice. It has foreseen that a world of truth will arrive for people and Pokémon. It strives to protect that future.



Black Kyurem (Japanese: キュレム Kyurem) is a dual-type Dragon/Ice Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
It's said that this Pokémon battles in order to protect the ideal world that will exist in the future for people and Pokémon. The sameness of Zekrom's and Kyurem's genes allowed Kyurem to absorb Zekrom. Kyurem can now use the power of both electricity and ice.


Keldeo (Japanese: ケルディオ Keldeo) is a dual-type Water/Fighting Mythical Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
It crosses the world, running over the surfaces of oceans and rivers. It appears at scenic waterfronts. Cobalion, Terrakion, and Virizion taught this Pokémon how to fight. It dashes across the world, seeking more opportunities to further its training.


Meloetta (Japanese: メロエッタ Meloetta) is a dual-type Normal/Psychic Mythical Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Its melodies are sung with a special vocalization method that can control the feelings of those who hear it.

Pirouette Meloetta (Japanese: メロエッタ Meloetta) is a dual-type Normal/Psychic Mythical Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Its melodies are sung with a special vocalization method that can control the feelings of those who hear it.


Genesect (Japanese: ゲノセクト Genesect) is a dual-type Bug/Steel Mythical Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
Over 300 million years ago, it was feared as the strongest of hunters. It has been modified by Team Plasma. While it is not known to evolve into or from any other Pokémon, Genesect has four other forms, which are activated by inserting the Drive in the cannon on its back. The Drive is visibly different within its sprites depending on the Drive it is holding.






















GENERATION 6:



Chespin (Japanese: ハリマロン Harimaron) is a Grass-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
The quills on its head are usually soft. When it flexes them, the points become so hard and sharp that they can pierce rock.


Quilladin (Japanese: ハリボーグ Hariborg) is a Grass-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
It relies on its sturdy shell to deflect predators' attacks. It counterattacks with its sharp quills. They strengthen their lower bodies by running into one another. They are very kind and won't start fights.


Chesnaught (Japanese: ブリガロン Brigarron) is a dual-type Grass/Fighting Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
Its Tackle is forceful enough to flip a 50-ton tank. It shields its allies from danger with its own body. When it takes a defensive posture with its fists guarding its face, it could withstand a bomb blast.


Fennekin (Japanese: フォッコ Fokko) is a Fire-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
Eating a twig fills it with energy, and its roomy ears give vent to air hotter than 390 degrees Fahrenheit. As it walks, it munches on a twig in place of a snack. It intimidates opponents by puffing hot air out of its ears.


Braixen (Japanese: テールナー Tairenar) is a Fire-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
When the twig is plucked from its tail, friction sets the twig alight. The flame is used to send signals to its allies.

Delphox (Japanese: マフォクシー Mahoxy) is a dual-type Fire/Psychic Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
Using psychic power, it generates a fiery vortex of 5,400 degree Fahrenheit, incinerating foes swept into this whirl of flame.


Froakie (Japanese: ケロマツ Keromatsu) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
It secretes flexible bubbles from its chest and back. The bubbles reduce the damage it would otherwise take when attacked.


Frogadier (Japanese: ゲコガシラ Gekogashira) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
It can throw bubble-covered pebbles with precise control, hitting empty cans up to a hundred feet away.


Greninja (Japanese: ゲッコウガ Gekkouga) is a dual-type Water/Dark Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
It appears and vanishes with a ninja's grace. It toys with its enemies using swift movements, while slicing them with throwing stars of sharpest water.



Bunnelby (Japanese: ホルビー Horubee) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
It has ears like shovels. Digging holes strengthens its ears so much that they can sever thick roots effortlessly.


Diggersby (Japanese: ホルード Horudo) is a dual-type Normal/Ground Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
With their powerful ears, they can heft boulders of a ton or more with ease. They can be a big help at construction sites.



Fletchling (Japanese: ヤヤコマ Yayakoma) is a dual-type Normal/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
While it's an amiable Pokémon, if you touch it unexpectedly, it will heat up its body in an instant, and you'll be burned.


Fletchinder (Japanese: ヒノヤコマ Hinoyakoma) is a dual-type Fire/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
From its beak, it fires embers at its prey. Once it has caught them, it grills them at high heat before feasting upon them.


Talonflame (Japanese: ファイアロー Fiarrow) is a dual-type Fire/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
It zooms directly at its prey at flight speeds of close to 310 mph, while fiery embers scatter from gaps in its feathers.


Scatterbug (Japanese: コフキムシ Kofukimushi) is a Bug-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
When under attack from bird Pokémon, it spews a poisonous black powder that causes paralysis on contact.


Spewpa (Japanese: コフーライ Kofuurai) is a Bug-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
It lives hidden within thicket shadows. When predators attack, it quickly bristles the fur covering its body in an effort to threaten them.


Vivillon (Japanese: ビビヨン Viviyon) is a dual-type Bug/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
Vivillon with many different patterns are found all over the world. These patterns are affected by the climate of their habitat.



Litleo (Japanese: シシコ Shishiko) is a dual-type Fire/Normal Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
The stronger the opponent it faces, the more heat surges from its mane and the more power flows through its body.


Pyroar (Japanese: カエンジシ Kaenjishi) is a dual-type Fire/Normal Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
With fiery breath of more than 10,000 degrees Fahrenheit, they viciously threaten any challenger. The females protect the pride's cubs.


Flabébé (Japanese: フラベベ Flabebe) is a Fairy-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
When it finds a flower it likes, it dwells on that flower its whole life long. It floats in the wind's embrace with an untroubled heart.


Floette (Japanese: フラエッテ Floette) is a Fairy-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
It gives its own power to flowers, pouring its heart into caring for them. Floette never forgives anyone who messes up a flower bed.


Florges (Japanese: フラージェス Florges) is a Fairy-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
In times long past, governors of castles would invite Florges to create flower gardens to embellish the castle domains.


Skiddo (Japanese: メェークル Meecle) is a Grass-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
If it has sunshine and water, it doesn't need to eat, because it can generate energy from the leaves on its back.

Gogoat (Japanese: ゴーゴート Gogoat) is a Grass-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
It can tell how its trainer is feeling by subtle shifts in the grip on its horns. This empathetic sense lets them run as if one being.


Pancham (Japanese: ヤンチャム Yancham) is a Fighting-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
It does its best to be taken seriously by its enemies, but its glare is not sufficiently intimidating. Chewing on a leaf is its trademark.


Pangoro (Japanese: ゴロンダ Goronda) is a dual-type Fighting/Dark Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
Although it possesses a violent temperament, it won't put up with bullying. It uses the leaf in its mouth to sense the movements of its enemies.


Furfrou Natural (Japanese: トリミアン Trimmien) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VI. 
While it is not known to evolve into or from any other Pokémon, Furfrou can have its hair trimmed into nine different styles to change its appearance. The styles include the Star, Diamond, Heart, Pharaoh, Kabuki, La Reine, Matron, Dandy, and Debutante Trim.



Furfrou Dandy (Japanese: トリミアン Trimmien) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VI. 
While it is not known to evolve into or from any other Pokémon, Furfrou can have its hair trimmed into nine different styles to change its appearance. The styles include the Star, Diamond, Heart, Pharaoh, Kabuki, La Reine, Matron, Dandy, and Debutante Trim. Trimming its fluffy fur not only makes it more elegant but also increases the swiftness of its movements.






Furfrou Debutante (Japanese: トリミアン Trimmien) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VI. 
While it is not known to evolve into or from any other Pokémon, Furfrou can have its hair trimmed into nine different styles to change its appearance. The styles include the Star, Diamond, Heart, Pharaoh, Kabuki, La Reine, Matron, Dandy, and Debutante Trim. Historically, in the Kalos region, these Pokémon were the designated guardians of the king.



Furfrou Diamond (Japanese: トリミアン Trimmien) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VI. 
While it is not known to evolve into or from any other Pokémon, Furfrou can have its hair trimmed into nine different styles to change its appearance. The styles include the Star, Diamond, Heart, Pharaoh, Kabuki, La Reine, Matron, Dandy, and Debutante Trim. Historically, in the Kalos region, these Pokémon were the designated guardians of the king.




Furfrou Pharoah (Japanese: トリミアン Trimmien) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VI. 
While it is not known to evolve into or from any other Pokémon, Furfrou can have its hair trimmed into nine different styles to change its appearance. The styles include the Star, Diamond, Heart, Pharaoh, Kabuki, La Reine, Matron, Dandy, and Debutante Trim. Trimming its fluffy fur not only makes it more elegant but also increases the swiftness of its movements.





Frufrou Heart (Japanese: トリミアン Trimmien) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VI. 
While it is not known to evolve into or from any other Pokémon, Furfrou can have its hair trimmed into nine different styles to change its appearance. The styles include the Star, Diamond, Heart, Pharaoh, Kabuki, La Reine, Matron, Dandy, and Debutante Trim. Trimming its fluffy fur not only makes it more elegant but also increases the swiftness of its movements.








Furfrou Kabuki (Japanese: トリミアン Trimmien) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VI. 
While it is not known to evolve into or from any other Pokémon, Furfrou can have its hair trimmed into nine different styles to change its appearance. The styles include the Star, Diamond, Heart, Pharaoh, Kabuki, La Reine, Matron, Dandy, and Debutante Trim. Historically, in the Kalos region, these Pokémon were the designated guardians of the king.




Furfrou Le Reine (Japanese: トリミアン Trimmien) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VI. 
While it is not known to evolve into or from any other Pokémon, Furfrou can have its hair trimmed into nine different styles to change its appearance. The styles include the Star, Diamond, Heart, Pharaoh, Kabuki, La Reine, Matron, Dandy, and Debutante Trim. Trimming its fluffy fur not only makes it more elegant but also increases the swiftness of its movements.





Furfrou Matron (Japanese: トリミアン Trimmien) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
While it is not known to evolve into or from any other Pokémon, Furfrou can have its hair trimmed into nine different styles to change its appearance. The styles include the Star, Diamond, Heart, Pharaoh, Kabuki, La Reine, Matron, Dandy, and Debutante Trim. Historically, in the Kalos region, these Pokémon were the designated guardians of the king.




Furfrou Star (Japanese: トリミアン Trimmien) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VI. 
While it is not known to evolve into or from any other Pokémon, Furfrou can have its hair trimmed into nine different styles to change its appearance. The styles include the Star, Diamond, Heart, Pharaoh, Kabuki, La Reine, Matron, Dandy, and Debutante Trim. Historically, in the Kalos region, these Pokémon were the designated guardians of the king.



Espurr (Japanese: ニャスパー Nyasper) is a Psychic-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
It has enough psychic energy to blast everything within 300 feet of itself, but it has no control over its power.



Meowstic (Japanese: ニャオニクス Nyaonix) is a Psychic-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
The eyeball patterns on the interior of its ears emit psychic energy. It keeps the patterns tightly covered because that power is too immense.



Honedge (Japanese: ヒトツキ Hitotsuki) is a dual-type Steel/Ghost Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
Apparently this Pokémon is born when a departed spirit inhabits a sword. It attaches itself to people and drinks their life force.



Doublade (Japanese: ニダンギル Nidangill) is a dual-type Steel/Ghost Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
When Honedge evolves, it divides into two swords, which cooperate via telepathy to coordinate attacks and slash their enemies to ribbons.






Aegislash (Japanese: ギルガルド Gillgard) is a dual-type Steel/Ghost Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
Generations of kings were attended by these Pokémon, which used their spectral power to manipulate and control people and Pokémon.



Spritzee (Japanese: シュシュプ Shushupu) is a Fairy-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
A scent pouch within this Pokémon's body allows it to create various scents. A change in its diet will alter the fragrance it produces.



Aromatisse (Japanese: フレフワン Frefuwan) is a Fairy-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
It devises various scents, pleasant and unpleasant, and emits scents that its enemies dislike in order to gain an edge in battle.




Swirlix (Japanese: ペロッパフ Peroppafu) is a Fairy-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
The sweet smell of cotton candy perfumes Swirlix's fluffy fur. This Pokémon spits out sticky string to tangle up its enemies.




Slurpuff (Japanese: ペロリーム Peroream) is a Fairy-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
Its sense of smell is 100 million times better than a human's, so even the faintest scent tells it about everything in the area. It's like it can see with its nose!




Inkay (Japanese: マーイーカ Maaiika) is a dual-type Dark/Psychic Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
It flashes the light-emitting spots on its body, which drains its opponent's will to fight. It takes the opportunity to scuttle away and hide.




Malamar (Japanese: カラマネロ Calamanero) is a dual-type Dark/Psychic Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
It lures prey close with hypnotic motions, then wraps its tentacles around it before finishing it off with digestive fluids.




Binacle (Japanese: カメテテ Kametete) is a dual-type Rock/Water Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
After two Binacle find a suitably sized rock, they adhere themselves to it and live together. They cooperate to gather food during high tide.




Barbaracle (Japanese: ガメノデス Gamenodes) is a dual-type Rock/Water Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
Barbaracle's legs and hands have minds of their own, and they will move independently. But they usually follow the head's orders.




Skrelp (Japanese: クズモー Kuzumo) is a dual-type Poison/Water Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
It vanishes into seaweed and remains perfectly still to avoid attacks from large Pokémon. Rotten seaweed is its main food source.





Dragalge (Japanese: ドラミドロ Dramidoro) is a dual-type Poison/Dragon Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
This vicious Pokémon sprays a poisonous liquid on opponents that come near. For whatever reason, it gets along really well with Dhelmise.





Clauncher (Japanese: ウデッポウ Udeppou) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
Its claws occasionally fall off, and it keeps a low profile until they grow back. The meat of its claws is so delicious!



Clawitzer (Japanese: ブロスター Bloster) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
It compresses the water it has sucked up and then projects it with enough power to punch a hole right through a thick sheet of iron.



Helioptile (Japanese: エリキテル Erikiteru) is a dual-type Electric/Normal Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
They make their home in deserts. They can generate their energy from basking in the sun, so eating food is not a requirement.



Heliolisk (Japanese: エレザード Elezard) is a dual-type Electric/Normal Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
It stimulates its muscles with electricity, boosting the strength in its legs and enabling it to run 100 yards in five seconds.




Tyrunt (Japanese: チゴラス Chigoras) is a dual-type Rock/Dragon Fossil Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
Its large jaw has incredible destructive power. Some theories suggest that its restored form is different from its form of long ago.






Tyrantrum (Japanese: ガチゴラス Gachigoras) is a dual-type Rock/Dragon Fossil Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
Thanks to its gargantuan jaws, which could shred thick metal plates as if they were paper, it was invincible in the ancient world it once inhabited.



Amaura (Japanese: アマルス Amarus) is a dual-type Rock/Ice Fossil Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
This Pokémon was successfully restored from a fossil. In the past, it lived with others of its kind in cold lands where there were fewer predators.




Aurorus (Japanese: アマルルガ Amaruruga) is a dual-type Rock/Ice Fossil Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
An Aurorus was found frozen solid within a glacier, just as it appeared long ago, which became quite a big event in the news.





Sylveon (Japanese: ニンフィア Nymphia) is a Fairy-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
Its ribbonlike feelers give off an aura that weakens hostility in its prey, causing them to let down their guard. Then it attacks.




Hawlucha (Japanese: ルチャブル Luchabull) is a dual-type Fighting/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
It overwhelms opponents with quick moves, but sometimes it showboats for too long when it's using a special move and gets itself into a pinch.





Dedenne (Japanese: デデンネ Dedenne) is a dual-type Electric/Fairy Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
Its whiskers serve as antennas. By sending and receiving electrical waves, it can communicate with others over vast distances.




Carbink (Japanese: メレシー Melecie) is a dual-type Rock/Fairy Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
It has slept underground for hundreds of millions of years since its birth. It's occasionally found during the excavation of caves.




Goomy (Japanese: ヌメラ Numera) is a Dragon-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
The weakest of all Dragon-type Pokémon, it's unable to breathe if its skin dries out, so it sticks to shady places.




Sliggoo (Japanese: ヌメイル Numeil) is a Dragon-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
Its four horns are a high-performance radar system. It uses them to sense sounds and smells, rather than using ears or a nose.



Goodra (Japanese: ヌメルゴン Numelgon) is a Dragon-type pseudo-legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
Underneath its slimy skin is a thick layer of fat, and the combination of the two makes enemies' attacks slide right off.





Klefki (Japanese: クレッフィ Cleffy) is a dual-type Steel/Fairy Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
This even-tempered Pokémon has a habit of collecting keys. It will sneak into people's homes to steal their keys.




Phantump (Japanese: ボクレー Bokurei) is a dual-type Ghost/Grass Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
These Pokémon are stumps possessed by the spirits of children who died in the forest. Their cries sound like eerie screams.



Trevenant (Japanese: オーロット Ohrot) is a dual-type Ghost/Grass Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
This Pokémon is said to devour anyone daring to ravage the forest. To the creatures dwelling in the forest, it offers great kindness.



Pumpkaboo (Japanese: バケッチャ Bakeccha) is a dual-type Ghost/Grass Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
The pumpkin body is inhabited by a spirit trapped in this world. As the sun sets, it becomes restless and active.



Gourgeist (Japanese: パンプジン Pumpjin) is a dual-type Ghost/Grass Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
Singing in eerie voices, they wander town streets on the night of the new moon. Anyone who hears their song is cursed.




Bergmite (Japanese: カチコール Kachikohru) is an Ice-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
It blocks opponents' attacks with the ice that shields its body. It uses cold air to repair any cracks with new ice.


Avalugg (Japanese: クレベース Crebase) is an Ice-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
As Avalugg moves about during the day, the cracks in its body deepen. The Pokémon's body returns to a pristine state overnight.



Noibat (Japanese: オンバット Onbat) is a dual-type Flying/Dragon Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
After nightfall, they emerge from the caves they nest in during the day. Using their ultrasonic waves, they go on the hunt for ripened fruit.



Noivern (Japanese: オンバーン Onvern) is a dual-type Flying/Dragon Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
Although it has a violent disposition, if you give it a nice ripe fruit that it loves, Noivern will suddenly become tame.



Xerneas (Japanese: ゼルネアス Xerneas) is a Fairy-type Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
Legends say it can share eternal life. It slept for a thousand years in the form of a tree before its revival. When the horns on its head shine in seven different colors, it is said to be sharing everlasting life.



Yveltal (Japanese: イベルタル Yveltal) is a dual-type Dark/Flying Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
When this legendary Pokémon's wings and tail feathers spread wide and glow red, it absorbs the life force of living creatures. When its life comes to an end, it absorbs the life energy of every living thing and turns into a cocoon once more.





Zygarde 10% Forme (Japanese: ジガルデ Zygarde) is a dual-type Dragon/Ground Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
Its sharp fangs make short work of finishing off its enemies, but it's unable to maintain this body indefinitely. After a period of time, it falls apart. This is Zygarde's form when about 10% of its cells have been gathered. It runs across the land at speeds greater than 60 mph.



Zygarde 50% Forme (Japanese: ジガルデ Zygarde) is a dual-type Dragon/Ground Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
This is Zygarde's form when it has gathered 50% of its cells. It wipes out all those who oppose it, showing not a shred of mercy. It's thought to be monitoring the ecosystem. There are rumors that even greater power lies hidden within it.


Zygarde Complete Forme (Japanese: ジガルデ Zygarde) is a dual-type Dragon/Ground Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
This is Zygarde's form at times when it uses its overwhelming power to suppress those who endanger the ecosystem. This is Zygarde's 100% form. It has enough power to overwhelm even Xerneas or Yveltal.


Diancie (Japanese: ディアンシー Diancie) is a dual-type Rock/Fairy Mythical Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
A sudden transformation of Carbink, its pink, glimmering body is said to be the loveliest sight in the whole world.


Hoopa (Japanese: フーパ Hoopa) is a dual-type Psychic/Ghost Mythical Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
This troublemaker sends anything and everything to faraway places using its loop, which can warp space. In its true form, it possesses a huge amount of power. Legends of its avarice tell how it once carried off an entire castle to gain the treasure hidden within.


Hoopa Unbound (Japanese: フーパ Hoopa) is a dual-type Psychic/Ghost Mythical Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
It is said to be able to seize anything it desires with its six rings and six huge arms. With its powers sealed, it is transformed into a much smaller form.


Volcanion (Japanese: ボルケニオン Volcanion) is a dual-type Fire/Water Mythical Pokémon introduced in Generation VI.
It lets out billows of steam and disappears into the dense fog. It's said to live in mountains where humans do not tread.





























GENERATION 7:
Rowlet (Japanese: モクロー Mokuroh) is a dual-type Grass/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
It sends its feathers, which are as sharp as blades, flying in attack. Its legs are strong, so its kicks are also formidable.


Dartrix (Japanese: フクスロー Fukuthrow) is a dual-type Grass/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
A bit of a dandy, it spends its free time preening its wings. Its preoccupation with any dirt on its plumage can leave it unable to battle.



Decidueye (Japanese: ジュナイパー Junaiper) is a dual-type Grass/Ghost Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
It fires arrow quills from its wings with such precision, they can pierce a pebble at distances over a hundred yards.



Litten (Japanese: ニャビー Nyabby) is a Fire-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
While grooming itself, it builds up fur inside its stomach. It sets the fur alight and spews fiery attacks, which change based on how it coughs.



Torracat (Japanese: ニャヒート Nyaheat) is a Fire-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
At its throat, it bears a bell of fire. The bell rings brightly whenever this Pokémon spits fire.



Incineroar (Japanese: ガオガエン Gaogaen) is a dual-type Fire/Dark Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
This Pokémon has a violent, selfish disposition. If it’s not in the mood to listen, it will ignore its Trainer’s orders with complete nonchalance.



Popplio (Japanese: アシマリ Ashimari) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
This Pokémon can control water bubbles. It practices diligently so it can learn to make big bubbles.




Brionne (Japanese: オシャマリ Osyamari) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
It cares deeply for its companions. When its Trainer is feeling down, it performs a cheery dance to try and help.




Primarina (Japanese: アシレーヌ Ashirene) is a dual-type Water/Fairy Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
It controls its water balloons with song. The melody is learned from others of its kind and is passed down from one generation to the next.



Pikipek (Japanese: ツツケラ Tsutsukera) is a dual-type Normal/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
It can peck at a rate of 16 times a second to drill holes in trees. It uses the holes for food storage and for nesting.




Trumbeak (Japanese: ケララッパ Kerarappa) is a dual-type Normal/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
It eats berries and stores their seeds in its beak. When it encounters enemies or prey, it fires off all the seeds in a burst.




Toucannon (Japanese: ドデカバシ Dodekabashi) is a dual-type Normal/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
They smack beaks with others of their kind to communicate. The strength and number of hits tell each other how they feel.



Yungoos (Japanese: ヤングース Youngoose) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
With its sharp fangs, it will bite anything. It did not originally live in Alola but was imported from another region.




Gumshoos (Japanese: デカグース Dekagoose) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
When it finds a trace of its prey, it patiently stakes out the location...but it’s always snoozing by nightfall.



Grubbin (Japanese: アゴジムシ Agojimushi) is a Bug-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
Its strong jaw enables it to scrape trees and slurp out the sap. It normally lives underground.



Charjabug (Japanese: デンヂムシ Dendimushi) is a dual-type Bug/Electric Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
Its body is capable of storing electricity. On camping trips, people are grateful to have one around.



Vikavolt (Japanese: クワガノン Kuwagannon) is a dual-type Bug/Electric Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
It zips around, on sharp lookout for an opening. It concentrates electrical energy within its large jaws and uses it to zap its enemies.



Crabrawler (Japanese: マケンカニ Makenkani) is a Fighting-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
While guarding its weak points with its pincers, it looks for an opening and unleashes punches. When it loses, it foams at the mouth and faints.



Crabominable (Japanese: ケケンカニ Kekenkani) is a dual-type Fighting/Ice Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
It aimed for the top but got lost and ended up on a snowy mountain. Being forced to endure the cold, this Pokémon evolved and grew fur.



Oricorio (Japanese: オドリドリ Odoridori) is a Flying-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
It beats its wings together to create fire. As it moves in the steps of its beautiful dance, it bathes opponents in intense flames.



Cutiefly (Japanese: アブリー Abuly) is a dual-type Bug/Fairy Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
It feeds on the nectar and pollen of flowers. Because it’s able to sense auras, it can identify which flowers are about to bloom.



Ribombee (Japanese: アブリボン Aburibbon) is a dual-type Bug/Fairy Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
It rolls up pollen into puffs. It makes many different varieties, some used as food and others used in battle.



Rockruff (Japanese: イワンコ Iwanko) is a Rock-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
This Pokémon has lived with people since times long ago. It can sense when its Trainer is in the dumps and will stick close by its Trainer’s side.



Lycanroc Midday (Japanese: ルガルガン Lugarugan) is a Rock-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
Its quick movements confuse its enemies. Well equipped with claws and fangs, it also uses the sharp rocks in its mane as weapons.



Lycanroc Midnight (Japanese: ルガルガン Lugarugan) is a Rock-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
The more intimidating the opponent it faces, the more this Pokémon’s blood boils. It will attack with no regard for its own safety.


Lycanroc Dusk (Japanese: ルガルガン Lugarugan) is a Rock-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
Bathed in the setting sun of evening, Lycanroc has undergone a special kind of evolution. An intense fighting spirit underlies its calmness.



Wishiwashi Solo Form (Japanese: ヨワシ Yowashi) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
When it’s in trouble, its eyes moisten and begin to shine. The shining light attracts its comrades, and they stand together against their enemies.



Wishiwashi School Form (Japanese: ヨワシ Yowashi) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
At their appearance, even Gyarados will flee. When they team up to use Water Gun, its power exceeds that of Hydro Pump.



Mareanie (Japanese: ヒドイデ Hidoide) is a dual-type Poison/Water Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
It plunges the poison spike on its head into its prey. When the prey has weakened, Mareanie deals the finishing blow with its 10 tentacles.




Toxapex (Japanese: ドヒドイデ Dohidoide) is a dual-type Poison/Water Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
Toxapex crawls along the ocean floor on its 12 legs. It leaves a trail of Corsola bits scattered in its wake.



Mudbray (Japanese: ドロバンコ Dorobanko) is a Ground-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
It has a stubborn, individualistic disposition. Eating dirt, making mud, and playing in the mire all form part of its daily routine.



Mudsdale (Japanese: バンバドロ Banbadoro) is a Ground-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
It spits a mud that provides resistance to both wind and rain, so the walls of old houses were often coated with it.



Dewpider (Japanese: シズクモ Shizukumo) is a dual-type Water/Bug Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
It crawls onto the land in search of food. Its water bubble allows it to breathe and protects its soft head.



Araquanid (Japanese: オニシズクモ Onishizukumo) is a dual-type Water/Bug Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
It delivers headbutts with the water bubble on its head. Small Pokémon get sucked into the bubble, where they drown.



Fomantis (Japanese: カリキリ Karikiri) is a Grass-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
During the day, it sleeps and soaks up light. When night falls, it walks around looking for a safer place to sleep.



Lurantis (Japanese: ラランテス Lalantes) is a Grass-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
It requires a lot of effort to maintain Lurantis’s vivid coloring, but some collectors enjoy this work and treat it as their hobby.



Morelull (Japanese: ネマシュ Nemasyu) is a dual-type Grass/Fairy Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
As it drowses the day away, it nourishes itself by sucking from tree roots. It wakens at the fall of night, wandering off in search of a new tree.



Shiinotic (Japanese: マシェード Mashade) is a dual-type Grass/Fairy Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
Forests where Shiinotic live are treacherous to enter at night. People confused by its strange lights can never find their way home again.



Salandit (Japanese: ヤトウモリ Yatoumori) is a dual-type Poison/Fire Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
It burns its bodily fluids to create a poisonous gas. When its enemies become disoriented from inhaling the gas, it attacks them.


Salazzle (Japanese: エンニュート Ennewt) is a dual-type Poison/Fire Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
Filled with pheromones, its poisonous gas can be diluted to use in the production of luscious perfumes.



Stufful (Japanese: ヌイコグマ Nuikoguma) is a dual-type Normal/Fighting Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
Despite its adorable appearance, when it gets angry and flails about, its arms and legs could knock a pro wrestler sprawling.



Bewear (Japanese: キテルグマ Kiteruguma) is a dual-type Normal/Fighting Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
This immensely dangerous Pokémon possesses overwhelming physical strength. Its habitat is generally off-limits.



Bounsweet (Japanese: アマカジ Amakaji) is a Grass-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
Although it’s too sugary for human consumption, Bounsweet’s sweat can be watered down into a juice with just the right amount of sweetness.



Steenee (Japanese: アママイコ Amamaiko) is a Grass-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
The sepals on its head developed to protect its body. These are quite hard, so even if pecked by bird Pokémon, this Pokémon is totally fine.



Tsareena (Japanese: アマージョ Amajo) is a Grass-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
Its long, striking legs aren’t just for show but to be used to kick with skill. In victory, it shows off by kicking the defeated, laughing boisterously.



Comfey (Japanese: キュワワー Cuwawa) is a Fairy-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
It attaches flowers to its highly nutritious vine. This revitalizes the flowers, and they give off an aromatic scent.



Oranguru (Japanese: ヤレユータン Yareyuutan) is a dual-type Normal/Psychic Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
Known for its extreme intelligence, this Pokémon will look down on inexperienced Trainers, so it’s best suited to veteran Trainers.


Passimian (Japanese: ナゲツケサル Nagetukesaru) is a Fighting-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
They form groups of roughly 20 individuals. Their mutual bond is remarkable—they will never let down a comrade.



Wimpod (Japanese: コソクムシ Kosokumushi) is a dual-type Bug/Water Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
This Pokémon is a coward. As it desperately dashes off, the flailing of its many legs leaves a sparkling clean path in its wake.



Golisopod (Japanese: グソクムシャ Gusokumusha) is a dual-type Bug/Water Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
It battles skillfully with its six arms, but spends most of its time peacefully meditating in caves deep beneath the sea.



Sandygast (Japanese: スナバァ Sunaba) is a dual-type Ghost/Ground Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
It takes control of anyone who puts a hand in its mouth. And so it adds to the accumulation of its sand-mound body.



Palossand (Japanese: シロデスナ Sirodethna) is a dual-type Ghost/Ground Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
Buried beneath the castle are masses of dried-up bones from those whose vitality it has drained.



Pyukumuku (Japanese: ナマコブシ Namakobushi) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
It lives in shallow seas, such as areas near a beach. It can eject its internal organs, which it uses to engulf its prey or battle enemies.



Type: Null (Japanese: タイプ：ヌル Type: Null) is a Normal-type Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
Due to the danger that this synthetic Pokémon may go on a rampage, it wears a control mask to restrain its power.



Silvally (Japanese: シルヴァディ Silvady) is a Normal-type Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
Its trust in its partner is what awakens it. This Pokémon is capable of changing its type, a flexibility that is well displayed in battle.



Minior (Japanese: メテノ Meteno) is a dual-type Rock/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
Originally making its home in the ozone layer, it hurtles to the ground when the shell enclosing its body grows too heavy.



Komala (Japanese: ネッコアラ Nekkoara) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
It is born asleep, and it dies asleep. All its movements are apparently no more than the results of it tossing and turning in its dreams.



Turtonator (Japanese: バクガメス Bakugames) is a dual-type Fire/Dragon Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
The shell on its back is chemically unstable and explodes violently if struck. The hole in its stomach is its weak point.



Togedemaru (Japanese: トゲデマル Togedemaru) is a dual-type Electric/Steel Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
The spiny fur on its back is normally at rest. When this Pokémon becomes agitated, its fur stands on end and stabs into its attackers.



Mimikyu (Japanese: ミミッキュ Mimikkyu) is a dual-type Ghost/Fairy Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
Its actual appearance is unknown. A scholar who saw what was under its rag was overwhelmed by terror and died from the shock.



Mimikyu Busted Form (Japanese: ミミッキュ Mimikkyu) is a dual-type Ghost/Fairy Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
After going to all the effort of disguising itself, its neck was broken. Whatever is inside is probably unharmed, but it’s still feeling sad.



Bruxish (Japanese: ハギギシリ Hagigishiri) is a dual-type Water/Psychic Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
When it unleashes its psychic power from the protuberance on its head, the grating sound of grinding teeth echoes through the area.



Drampa (Japanese: ジジーロン Jijilong) is a dual-type Normal/Dragon Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
It has a compassionate personality, but if it is angered, it completely destroys its surroundings with its intense breath.



Dhelmise (Japanese: ダダリン Dadarin) is a dual-type Ghost/Grass Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
Swinging its massive anchor, it can KO Wailord in a single blow. What appears to be green seaweed is actually its body.



Jangmo-o (Japanese: ジャラコ Jyarako) is a Dragon-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
It expresses its feelings by smacking its scales. Metallic sounds echo through the tall mountains where Jangmo-o lives.



Hakamo-o (Japanese: ジャランゴ Jyarango) is a dual-type Dragon/Fighting Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
It leaps at its prey with a courageous shout. Its scaly punches tear its opponents to shreds.



Kommo-o (Japanese: ジャラランガ Jyararanga) is a dual-type Dragon/Fighting pseudo-legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
When it spots enemies, it threatens them by jingling the scales on its tail. Weak opponents will crack and flee in panic.



Tapu Koko (Japanese: カプ・コケコ Kapu-Kokeko) is a dual-type Electric/Fairy Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
This guardian deity of Melemele is brimming with curiosity. It summons thunderclouds and stores their lightning inside its body. It confuses its enemies by flying too quickly for the eye to follow. It has a hair-trigger temper but forgets what made it angry an instant later.



Tapu Lele (Japanese: カプ・テテフ Kapu-Tetefu) is a dual-type Psychic/Fairy Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
This guardian deity of Akala is guilelessly cruel. The fragrant aroma of flowers is the source of its energy. As it flutters about, it scatters its strangely glowing scales. Touching them is said to restore good health on the spot.



Tapu Bulu (Japanese: カプ・ブルル Kapu-Bulul) is a dual-type Grass/Fairy Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
The guardian deity of Ula’ula is a lazy Pokémon. It commands plants to immobilize its foes and then deals them a savage blow with its horns. It pulls large trees up by the roots and swings them around. It causes vegetation to grow, and then it absorbs energy from the growth.



Tapu Fini (Japanese: カプ・レヒレ Kapu-Rehire) is a dual-type Water/Fairy Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
The guardian deity of Poni, it can control water. People say it can create pure water that will wash away any uncleanness. The dense fog it creates brings the downfall and destruction of its confused enemies. Ocean currents are the source of its energy.



Cosmog (Japanese: コスモッグ Cosmog) is a Psychic-type Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
In ages past, it was called the child of the stars. It’s said to be a Pokémon from another world, but no specific details are known. Its body is gaseous and frail. It slowly grows as it collects dust from the atmosphere.



Cosmoem (Japanese: コスモウム Cosmovum) is a Psychic-type Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
There’s something accumulating around the black core within its hard shell. People think this Pokémon may come from another world. Motionless as if dead, its body is faintly warm to the touch. In the distant past, it was called the cocoon of the stars.



Solgaleo (Japanese: ソルガレオ Solgaleo) is a dual-type Psychic/Steel Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
It is said to live in another world. The intense light it radiates from the surface of its body can make the darkest of nights light up like midday. This Pokémon is said to be a male evolution of Cosmog. At the activation of its third eye, it departs for another world.



Lunala (Japanese: ルナアーラ Lunala) is a dual-type Psychic/Ghost Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
Said to live in another world, this Pokémon devours light, drawing the moonless dark veil of night over the brightness of day. It is said to be a female evolution of Cosmog. When its third eye activates, away it flies to another world.



Nihilego (Japanese: ウツロイド Uturoid) is a dual-type Rock/Poison Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
One of several mysterious Ultra Beasts. People on the street report observing those infested by it suddenly becoming violent.



Buzzwole (Japanese: マッシブーン Massivoon) is a dual-type Bug/Fighting Pokémon introduced in Generation VII. 
This Ultra Beast appeared from another world. It shows off its body, but whether that display is a boast or a threat remains unclear.




Pheromosa (Japanese: フェローチェ Pheroache) is a dual-type Bug/Fighting Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
One of the dangerous Ultra Beasts, it has been spotted running across the land at terrific speeds.



Xurkitree (Japanese: デンジュモク Denjyumoku) is an Electric-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
One of the mysterious life-forms known as Ultra Beasts. Astonishing electric shocks emanate from its entire body, according to witnesses.



Celesteela (Japanese: テッカグヤ Tekkaguya) is a dual-type Steel/Flying Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
One kind of Ultra Beast. Witnesses have seen it burn down a forest by expelling gas from its two arms.



Kartana (Japanese: カミツルギ Kamiturugi) is a dual-type Grass/Steel Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
This Ultra Beast came from the Ultra Wormhole. It seems not to attack enemies on its own, but its sharp body is a dangerous weapon in itself.



Guzzlord (Japanese: アクジキング Akuziking) is a dual-type Dark/Dragon Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
A dangerous Ultra Beast, it appears to be eating constantly, but for some reason its droppings have never been found.




Necrozma (Japanese: ネクロズマ Necrozma) is a Psychic-type Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
Light is apparently the source of its energy. It has an extraordinarily vicious disposition and is constantly firing off laser beams.



Magearna (Japanese: マギアナ Magearna) is a dual-type Steel/Fairy Mythical Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
This artificial Pokémon, constructed more than 500 years ago, can understand human speech but cannot itself speak. Its mechanized body is merely a vessel. Its true self is its Soul-Heart, an artificial soul.



Marshadow (Japanese: マーシャドー Marshadow) is a dual-type Fighting/Ghost Mythical Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
Able to conceal itself in shadows, it never appears before humans, so its very existence was the stuff of myth.



Poipole (Japanese: ベベノム Bevenom) is a Poison-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VII in Pokémon Ultra Sun and Ultra Moon.
An Ultra Beast that lives in a different world, it cackles wildly as it sprays its opponents with poison from the needles on its head.



Naganadel (Japanese: アーゴヨン Agoyon) is a dual-type Poison/Dragon Pokémon introduced in Generation VII in Pokémon Ultra Sun and Ultra Moon.
It stores hundreds of liters of poisonous liquid inside its body. It is one of the organisms known as UBs.



Stakataka (Japanese: ツンデツンデ Tundetunde) is a dual-type Rock/Steel Pokémon introduced in Generation VII in Pokémon Ultra Sun and Ultra Moon.
It appeared from an Ultra Wormhole. Each one appears to be made up of many life-forms stacked one on top of each other.



Blacephalon (Japanese: ズガドーン Zugadoon) is a dual-type Fire/Ghost Pokémon introduced in Generation VII in Pokémon Ultra Sun and Ultra Moon.
It slithers toward people. Then, without warning, it triggers the explosion of its own head. It’s apparently one kind of Ultra Beast.



Zeraora (Japanese: ゼラオラ Zeraora) is an Electric-type Mythical Pokémon introduced in Generation VII in Pokémon Ultra Sun and Ultra Moon.
It electrifies its claws and tears its opponents apart with them. Even if they dodge its attack, they’ll be electrocuted by the flying sparks.



Meltan (Japanese: メルタン Meltan) is a Steel-type Mythical Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
It dissolves and eats metal. Circulating liquid metal within its body is how it generates energy.



Melmetal (Japanese: メルメタル Melmetal) is a Steel-type Mythical Pokémon introduced in Generation VII.
At the end of its life-span, Melmetal will rust and fall apart. The small shards left behind will eventually be reborn as Meltan.
























GENERATION 8:

Grookey (Japanese: サルノリ Sarunori) is a Grass-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
When it uses its special stick to strike up a beat, the sound waves produced carry revitalizing energy to the plants and flowers in the area.




Thwackey (Japanese: バチンキー Bachinkey) is a Grass-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
When it’s drumming out rapid beats in battle, it gets so caught up in the rhythm that it won’t even notice that it’s already knocked out its opponent.




Rillaboom (Japanese: ゴリランダー Gorirander) is a Grass-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
The one with the best drumming techniques becomes the boss of the troop. It has a gentle disposition and values harmony among its group.




Scorbunny (Japanese: ヒバニー Hibanny) is a Fire-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
A warm-up of running around gets fire energy coursing through this Pokémon’s body. Once that happens, it’s ready to fight at full power.




Raboot (Japanese: ラビフット Rabbifuto) is a Fire-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
Its thick and fluffy fur protects it from the cold and enables it to use hotter fire moves.



Cinderace (Japanese: エースバーン Aceburn) is a Fire-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
It’s skilled at both offense and defense, and it gets pumped up when cheered on. But if it starts showboating, it could put itself in a tough spot.



Sobble (Japanese: メッソン Messon) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
When scared, this Pokémon cries. Its tears pack the chemical punch of 100 onions, and attackers won’t be able to resist weeping.



Drizzile (Japanese: ジメレオン Jimereon) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
A clever combatant, this Pokémon battles using water balloons created with moisture secreted from its palms.



Inteleon (Japanese: インテレオン Intereon) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
It has many hidden capabilities, such as fingertips that can shoot water and a membrane on its back that it can use to glide through the air.



Skwovet (Japanese: ホシガリス Hoshigarisu) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
It eats berries nonstop—a habit that has made it more resilient than it looks. It’ll show up on farms, searching for yet more berries.



Greedent (Japanese: ヨクバリス Yokubarisu) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
It stashes berries in its tail—so many berries that they fall out constantly. But this Pokémon is a bit slow-witted, so it doesn’t notice the loss.



Rookidee (Japanese: ココガラ Kokogara) is a Flying-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
It will bravely challenge any opponent, no matter how powerful. This Pokémon benefits from every battle—even a defeat increases its strength a bit.




Corvisquire (Japanese: アオガラス Aogarasu) is a Flying-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
Smart enough to use tools in battle, these Pokémon have been seen picking up rocks and flinging them or using ropes to wrap up enemies.



Corviknight (Japanese: アーマーガア Armorga) is a dual-type Flying/Steel Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
This Pokémon reigns supreme in the skies of the Galar region. The black luster of its steel body could drive terror into the heart of any foe.




Blipbug (Japanese: サッチムシ Sacchimushi) is a Bug-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
A constant collector of information, this Pokémon is very smart. Very strong is what it isn’t.




Dottler (Japanese: レドームシ Redomushi) is a dual-type Bug/Psychic Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
It barely moves, but it’s still alive. Hiding in its shell without food or water seems to have awakened its psychic powers.




Orbeetle (Japanese: イオルブ Eolb) is a dual-type Bug/Psychic Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
It’s famous for its high level of intelligence, and the large size of its brain is proof that it also possesses immense psychic power.



Nickit (Japanese: クスネ Kusune) is a Dark-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
Aided by the soft pads on its feet, it silently raids the food stores of other Pokémon. It survives off its ill-gotten gains.


Thievul (Japanese: フォクスライ Foxly) is a Dark-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
It secretly marks potential targets with a scent. By following the scent, it stalks its targets and steals from them when they least expect it.


Gossifleur (Japanese: ヒメンカ Himenka) is a Grass-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
It anchors itself in the ground with its single leg, then basks in the sun. After absorbing enough sunlight, its petals spread as it blooms brilliantly.

Eldegoss (Japanese: ワタシラガ Watashiraga) is a Grass-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
The seeds attached to its cotton fluff are full of nutrients. It spreads them on the wind so that plants and other Pokémon can benefit from them.


Wooloo (Japanese: ウールー Wooluu) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
Its curly fleece is such an effective cushion that this Pokémon could fall off a cliff and stand right back up at the bottom, unharmed.


Dubwool (Japanese: バイウールー Baiwooluu) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
Weave a carpet from its springy wool, and you end up with something closer to a trampoline. You'll start to bounce the moment you set foot on it.


Chewtle (Japanese: カムカメ Kamukame) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
It starts off battles by attacking with its rock-hard horn, but as soon as the opponent flinches, this Pokémon bites down and never lets go.


Drednaw (Japanese: カジリガメ Kajirigame) is a dual-type Water/Rock Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
With jaws that can shear through steel rods, this highly aggressive Pokémon chomps down on its unfortunate prey.



Boltund (Japanese: パルスワン Pulsewan) is an Electric-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
This Pokémon generates electricity and channels it into its legs to keep them going strong. Boltund can run nonstop for three full days.


Rolycoly (Japanese: タンドン Tandon) is a Rock-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
Most of its body has the same composition as coal. Fittingly, this Pokémon was first discovered in coal mines about 400 years ago.


Carkol (Japanese: トロッゴン Toroggon) is a dual-type Rock/Fire Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
It forms coal inside its body. Coal dropped by this Pokémon once helped fuel the lives of people in the Galar region.


Coalossal (Japanese: セキタンザン Sekitanzan) is a dual-type Rock/Fire Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
It's usually peaceful, but the vandalism of mines enrages it. Offenders will be incinerated with flames that reach 2,700 degrees Fahrenheit.


Applin (Japanese: カジッチュ Kajicchu) is a dual-type Grass/Dragon Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
It spends its entire life inside an apple. It hides from its natural enemies, bird Pokémon, by pretending it's just an apple and nothing more.



Flapple (Japanese: アップリュー Appryu) is a dual-type Grass/Dragon Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
It ate a sour apple, and that induced its evolution. In its cheeks, it stores an acid capable of causing chemical burns.


Appletun (Japanese: タルップル Tarupple) is a dual-type Grass/Dragon Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
Eating a sweet apple caused its evolution. A nectarous scent wafts from its body, luring in the bug Pokémon it preys on.




Silicobra (Japanese: スナヘビ Sunahebi) is a Ground-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
As it digs, it swallows sand and stores it in its neck pouch. The pouch can hold more than 17 pounds of sand.




Sandaconda (Japanese: サダイジャ Sadaija) is a Ground-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
When it contracts its body, over 220 pounds of sand sprays from its nose. If it ever runs out of sand, it becomes disheartened.


Cramorant (Japanese: ウッウ Uu) is a dual-type Flying/Water Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
It's so strong that it can knock out some opponents in a single hit, but it also may forget what it's battling midfight.




Arrokuda (Japanese: サシカマス Sasikamasu) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
If it sees any movement around it, this Pokémon charges for it straightaway, leading with its sharply pointed jaw. It's very proud of that jaw.


Barraskewda (Japanese: カマスジョー Kamasujaw) is a Water-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
This Pokémon has a jaw that's as sharp as a spear and as strong as steel. Apparently Barraskewda's flesh is surprisingly tasty, too.


Toxel (Japanese: エレズン Eleson) is a dual-type Electric/Poison baby Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
It stores poison in an internal poison sac and secretes that poison through its skin. If you touch this Pokémon, a tingling sensation follows.


Toxtricity Amped Form (Japanese: ストリンダー Strinder) is a dual-type Electric/Poison Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
When this Pokémon sounds as if it's strumming a guitar, it's actually clawing at the protrusions on its chest to generate electricity.


Toxtricity Low Key Form (Japanese: ストリンダー Strinder) is a dual-type Electric/Poison Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
It has an electrical organ on its chest. While generating electricity, it fills its surroundings with what sounds like the strumming of a bass guitar. Capable of generating 15,000 volts of electricity, this Pokémon looks down on all that would challenge it.


Sizzlipede (Japanese: ヤクデ Yakude) is a dual-type Fire/Bug Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
It stores flammable gas in its body and uses it to generate heat. The yellow sections on its belly get particularly hot.


Centiskorch (Japanese: マルヤクデ Maruyakude) is a dual-type Fire/Bug Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
While its burning body is already dangerous on its own, this excessively hostile Pokémon also has large and very sharp fangs.


Clobbopus (Japanese: タタッコ Tatakko) is a Fighting-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
It's very curious, but its means of investigating things is to try to punch them with its tentacles. The search for food is what brings it onto land.


Grapploct (Japanese: オトスパス Otosupus) is a Fighting-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
A body made up of nothing but muscle makes the grappling moves this Pokémon performs with its tentacles tremendously powerful.


Sinistea (Japanese: ヤバチャ Yabacha) is a Ghost-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
The teacup in which this Pokémon makes its home is a famous piece of antique tableware. Many forgeries are in circulation.



Polteageist (Japanese: ポットデス Potdeath) is a Ghost-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
This species lives in antique teapots. Most pots are forgeries, but on rare occasions, an authentic work is found.


Hatenna (Japanese: ミブリム Mibrim) is a Psychic-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
Via the protrusion on its head, it senses other creatures' emotions. If you don't have a calm disposition, it will never warm up to you.


Hattrem (Japanese: テブリム Tebrim) is a Psychic-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
Using the braids on its head, it pummels foes to get them to quiet down. One blow from those braids would knock out a professional boxer.


Hatterene (Japanese: ブリムオン Brimuon) is a dual-type Psychic/Fairy Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
If you're too loud around it, you risk being torn apart by the claws on its tentacle. This Pokémon is also known as the Forest Witch.




Impidimp (Japanese: ベロバー Beroba) is a dual-type Dark/Fairy Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
Through its nose, it sucks in the emanations produced by people and Pokémon when they feel annoyed. It thrives off this negative energy.



Morgrem (Japanese: ギモー Gimoh) is a dual-type Dark/Fairy Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
When it gets down on all fours as if to beg for forgiveness, it's trying to lure opponents in so that it can stab them with its spear-like hair.


Grimmsnarl (Japanese: オーロンゲ Ohlonge) is a dual-type Dark/Fairy Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
When it gets down on all fours as if to beg for forgiveness, it's trying to lure opponents in so that it can stab them with its spear-like hair.


Obstagoon (Japanese: タチフサグマ Tachifusaguma) is a dual-type Dark/Normal Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
Its voice is staggering in volume. Obstagoon has a tendency to take on a threatening posture and shout—this move is known as Obstruct.


Perrserker (Japanese: ニャイキング Nyaiking) is a Steel-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
What appears to be an iron helmet is actually hardened hair. This Pokémon lives for the thrill of battle.


Cursola (Japanese: サニゴーン Sunigoon) is a Ghost-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
Its shell is overflowing with its heightened otherworldly energy. The ectoplasm serves as protection for this Pokémon's core spirit.



Sirfetch'd (Japanese: ネギガナイト Negigaknight) is a Fighting-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
After deflecting attacks with its hard leaf shield, it strikes back with its sharp leek stalk. The leek stalk is both weapon and food.


Mr. Rime (Japanese: バリコオル Barrikohru) is a dual-type Ice/Psychic Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
It's highly skilled at tap-dancing. It waves its cane of ice in time with its graceful movements.


Runerigus (Japanese: デスバーン Deathbarn) is a dual-type Ground/Ghost Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
A powerful curse was woven into an ancient painting. After absorbing the spirit of a Yamask, the painting began to move.


Milcery (Japanese: マホミル Mahomil) is a Fairy-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
This Pokémon was born from sweet-smelling particles in the air. Its body is made of cream.


Alcremie (Japanese: マホイップ Mawhip) is a Fairy-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
When it trusts a Trainer, it will treat them to berries it's decorated with cream. When Alcremie is content, the cream it secretes from its hands becomes sweeter and richer.




Falinks (Japanese: タイレーツ Tairetsu) is a Fighting-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
The six of them work together as one Pokémon. Teamwork is also their battle strategy, and they constantly change their formation as they fight.


Pincurchin (Japanese: バチンウニ Bachinuni) is an Electric-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
It stores electricity in each spine. Even if one gets broken off, it still continues to emit electricity for at least three hours.


Snom (Japanese: ユキハミ Yukihami) is a dual-type Ice/Bug Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
It eats snow that piles up on the ground. The more snow it eats, the bigger and more impressive the spikes on its back grow.



Frosmoth (Japanese: モスノウ Mothnow) is a dual-type Ice/Bug Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
Icy scales fall from its wings like snow as it flies over fields and mountains. The temperature of its wings is less than -290 degrees Fahrenheit.


Stonjourner (Japanese: イシヘンジン Ishihengin) is a Rock-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
It stands in grasslands, watching the sun's descent from zenith to horizon. This Pokémon has a talent for delivering dynamic kicks.


Eiscue (Japanese: コオリッポ Korippo) is an Ice-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
It drifted in on the flow of ocean waters from a frigid place. It keeps its head iced constantly to make sure it stays nice and cold.

Eiscue Noice Face (Japanese: コオリッポ Korippo) is an Ice-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
The ice covering this Pokémon's face has shattered, revealing a slightly worried expression that many people are enamored with.


Indeedee (Japanese: イエッサン Yessan) is a dual-type Psychic/Normal Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
Through its horns, it can pick up on the emotions of creatures around it. Positive emotions are the source of its strength.


Morpeko (Japanese: モルペコ Morpeko) is a dual-type Electric/Dark Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
As it eats the seeds stored up in its pocket-like pouches, this Pokémon is not just satisfying its constant hunger. It's also generating electricity.


Cufant (Japanese: ゾウドウ Zoudou) is a Steel-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
It digs up the ground with its trunk. It's also very strong, being able to carry loads of over five tons without any problem at all.





Copperajah (Japanese: ダイオウドウ Daioudou) is a Steel-type Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
These Pokémon live in herds. Their trunks have incredible grip strength, strong enough to crush giant rocks into powder.


Dracozolt (Japanese: パッチラゴン Patchiragon) is a dual-type Electric/Dragon Fossil Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
In ancient times, it was unbeatable thanks to its powerful lower body, but it went extinct anyway after it depleted all its plant-based food sources.


Arctozolt (Japanese: パッチルドン Patchilldon) is a dual-type Electric/Ice Fossil Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
This Pokémon lived on prehistoric seashores and was able to preserve food with the ice on its body. It went extinct because it moved so slowly.


Dracovish (Japanese: ウオノラゴン Uonoragon) is a dual-type Water/Dragon Fossil Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
Powerful legs and jaws made it the apex predator of its time. Its own overhunting of its prey was what drove it to extinction. Its mighty legs are capable of running at speeds exceeding 40 mph, but this Pokémon can't breathe unless it's underwater.


Arctovish (Japanese: ウオチルドン Uochilldon) is a dual-type Water/Ice Fossil Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
Though it's able to capture prey by freezing its surroundings, it has trouble eating the prey afterward because its mouth is on top of its head.



Duraludon (Japanese: ジュラルドン Duraludon) is a dual-type Steel/Dragon Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
The special metal that composes its body is very light, so this Pokémon has considerable agility. It lives in caves because it dislikes the rain.


Dreepy (Japanese: ドラメシヤ Dorameshiya) is a dual-type Dragon/Ghost Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
After being reborn as a ghost Pokémon, Dreepy wanders the areas it used to inhabit back when it was alive in prehistoric seas.


Drakloak (Japanese: ドロンチ Doronch) is a dual-type Dragon/Ghost Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
It's capable of flying faster than 120 mph. It battles alongside Dreepy and dotes on them until they successfully evolve.



Dragapult (Japanese: ドラパルト Dorapult) is a dual-type Dragon/Ghost pseudo-legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
When it isn't battling, it keeps Dreepy in the holes on its horns. Once a fight starts, it launches the Dreepy like supersonic missiles.






Zacian (Japanese: ザシアン Zacian) is a Fairy-type Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
Known as a legendary hero, this Pokémon absorbs metal particles, transforming them into a weapon it uses to battle. This Pokémon has slumbered for many years. Some say it's Zamazenta's elder sister—others say the two Pokémon are rivals.


Zacian Crowned Sword (Japanese: ザシアン Zacian) is a Fairy-type Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
Now armed with a weapon it used in ancient times, this Pokémon needs only a single strike to fell even Gigantamax Pokémon. Able to cut down anything with a single strike, it became known as the Fairy King's Sword, and it inspired awe in friend and foe alike.




Zamazenta (Japanese: ザマゼンタ Zamazenta) is a Fighting-type Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
In times past, it worked together with a king of the people to save the Galar region. It absorbs metal that it then uses in battle. This Pokémon slept for aeons while in the form of a statue. It was asleep for so long, people forgot that it ever existed.


Zamazenta Crowned Shield (Japanese: ザマゼンタ Zamazenta) is a Fighting-type Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
Its ability to deflect any attack led to it being known as the Fighting Master's Shield. It was feared and respected by all. Its ability to deflect any attack led to it being known as the Fighting Master's Shield. It was feared and respected by all.



Eternatus (Japanese: ムゲンダイナ Mugendina) is a dual-type Poison/Dragon Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
The core on its chest absorbs energy emanating from the lands of the Galar region. This energy is what allows Eternatus to stay active. It was inside a meteorite that fell 20,000 years ago. There seems to be a connection between this Pokémon and the Dynamax phenomenon.


Eternamax Eternatus (Japanese: ムゲンダイナ Mugendina) is a dual-type Poison/Dragon Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
As a result of Rose's meddling, Eternatus absorbed all the energy in the Galar region. It's now in a state of power overload. Infinite amounts of energy pour from this Pokémon's enlarged core, warping the surrounding space-time.



Kubfu (Japanese: ダクマ Dakuma) is a Fighting-type Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
Kubfu trains hard to perfect its moves. The moves it masters will determine which form it takes when it evolves. If Kubfu pulls the long white hair on its head, its fighting spirit heightens and power wells up from the depths of its belly.




Urshifu Single Strike Style (Japanese: ウーラオス Wulaosu) is a Fighting-type Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
This form of Urshifu is a strong believer in the one-hit KO. Its strategy is to leap in close to foes and land a devastating blow with a hardened fist. Inhabiting the mountains of a distant region, this Pokémon races across sheer cliffs, training its legs and refining its moves.



Urshifu Rapid Strike Style (Japanese: ウーラオス Wulaosu) is a Fighting-type Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
It's believed that this Pokémon modeled its fighting style on the flow of a river—sometimes rapid, sometimes calm. This form of Urshifu is a strong believer in defeating foes by raining many blows down on them. Its strikes are nonstop, flowing like a river.



Zarude (Japanese: ザルード Zarude) is a dual-type Dark/Grass Mythical Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
Within dense forests, this Pokémon lives in a pack with others of its kind. It's incredibly aggressive, and the other Pokémon of the forest fear it. Once the vines on Zarude's body tear off, they become nutrients in the soil. This helps the plants of the forest grow.






Regieleki (Japanese: レジエレキ Regieleki) is an Electric-type Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
This Pokémon is a cluster of electrical energy. It's said that removing the rings on Regieleki's body will unleash the Pokémon's latent power. Its entire body is made up of a single organ that generates electrical energy. Regieleki is capable of creating all Galar's electricity.




Regidrago (Japanese: レジドラゴ Regidorago) is a Dragon-type Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
An academic theory proposes that Regidrago's arms were once the head of an ancient dragon Pokémon. The theory remains unproven. Its body is composed of crystallized dragon energy. Regidrago is said to have the powers of every dragon Pokémon.




Glastrier (Japanese: ブリザポス Blizzapos) is an Ice-type Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII in The Crown Tundra.
Glastrier emits intense cold from its hooves. It's also a belligerent Pokémon—anything it wants, it takes by force. Glastrier has tremendous physical strength, and the mask of ice covering its face is 100 times harder than diamond.




Spectrier (Japanese: レイスポス Wraithpos) is a Ghost-type Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII in The Crown Tundra.
It probes its surroundings with all its senses save one—it doesn't use its sense of sight. Spectrier's kicks are said to separate soul from body. As it dashes through the night, Spectrier absorbs the life-force of sleeping creatures. It craves silence and solitude.



Calyrex (Japanese: バドレックス Budrex) is a dual-type Psychic/Grass Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
Calyrex is a merciful Pokémon, capable of providing healing and blessings. It reigned over the Galar region in times of yore. Calyrex is known in legend as a king that ruled over Galar in ancient times. It has the power to cause hearts to mend and plants to spring forth.



Ice Rider Calyrex (Japanese: バドレックス Budrex) is a dual-type Psychic/Grass Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
According to lore, this Pokémon showed no mercy to those who got in its way, yet it would heal its opponents' wounds after battle. It's said that this Pokémon once moved a large forest—and all the Pokémon living there—to a new location overnight.



Shadow Rider Calyrex (Japanese: バドレックス Budrex) is a dual-type Psychic/Grass Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
It's said that Calyrex and a Pokémon that had bonded with it ran all across the Galar region to bring green to the wastelands. Legend says that by using its power to see all events from past to future, this Pokémon saved the creatures of a forest from a meteorite strike.


Wyrdeer (Japanese: アヤシシ Ayashishi) is a dual-type Normal/Psychic Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
The black orbs shine with an uncanny light when the Pokémon is erecting invisible barriers. The fur shed from its beard retains heat well and is a highly useful material for winter clothing.


Kleavor (Japanese: バサギリ Basagiri) is a dual-type Bug/Rock Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
A violent creature that fells towering trees with its crude axes and shields itself with hard stone. If one should chance upon this Pokémon in the wilds, one's only recourse is to flee.


Ursaluna (Japanese: ガチグマ Gachiguma) is a dual-type Ground/Normal Pokémon introduced in Generation VIII.
I believe it was Hisui's swampy terrain that gave Ursaluna its burly physique and newfound capacity to manipulate peat at will.




UP!!! Cannot find anymore GIFS with gen 8 images























GIGANTAMAX:



Gigantamax Appletun (Japanese: タルップル Tarupple) is a dual-type Grass/Dragon. 
Flapple and Appletun share a Gigantamax form. Due to Gigantamax energy, this Pokémon’s nectar has thickened. The increased viscosity lets the nectar absorb more damage than before. 
Only certain Pokémon can Gigantamax. In addition to changing the Pokémon’s size, it changes its appearance as well. It works similarly to Mega Evolution. Only certain Pokémon can Gigantamax. In addition to changing the Pokémon’s size, it changes its appearance as well. It works similarly to Mega Evolution.



Gigantamax Blastoise (Japanese: カメックス Kamex) is a Water-type Pokémon.
 It has a Mega Evolution and a Gigantamax form. The main cannon on the center of Blastoise’s shell is staggeringly powerful. Legend says this cannon has blasted holes into mountains. Water fired from this Pokémon’s central main cannon has enough power to blast a hole into a mountain. It’s not very good at precision shooting. When attacking, it just fires its 31 cannons over and over and over.
Only certain Pokémon can Gigantamax. In addition to changing the Pokémon’s size, it changes its appearance as well. It works similarly to Mega Evolution.




Gigantamax Centiskorch (Japanese: マルヤクデ Maruyakude) is a Fire/Bug-type Pokémon. 
Gigantamax energy has evoked a rise in its body temperature, now reaching over 1,800 degrees Fahrenheit. Its heat waves incinerate its enemies.The heat that comes off a Gigantamax Centiskorch may destabilize air currents. Sometimes it can even cause storms. 
Only certain Pokémon can Gigantamax. In addition to changing the Pokémon’s size, it changes its appearance as well. It works similarly to Mega Evolution.




Gigantamax Charizard (Japanese: リザードン Lizardon) is a dual-type Fire/Flying Pokémon. 
This colossal, flame-winged figure of a Charizard was brought about by Gigantamax energy. The flame inside its body burns hotter than 3,600 degrees Fahrenheit. When Charizard roars, that temperature climbs even higher. 
Only certain Pokémon can Gigantamax. In addition to changing the Pokémon’s size, it changes its appearance as well. It works similarly to Mega Evolution.




Gigantamax Coalossal (Japanese: セキタンザン Sekitanzan)  is a rock/fire-type Pokémon. 
Its body is a colossal stove. With Gigantamax energy stoking the fire, this Pokémon’s flame burns hotter than 3,600 degrees Fahrenheit. When Galar was hit by a harsh cold wave, this Pokémon served as a giant heating stove and saved many lives. 
Only certain Pokémon can Gigantamax. In addition to changing the Pokémon’s size, it changes its appearance as well. It works similarly to Mega Evolution.



Gigantamax Copperajah (Japanese: ダイオウドウ Daioudou) is a steel-type Pokémon. 
Once it has Gigantamaxed, its massive nose can utterly demolish large structures with a single smashing blow. So much power is packed within its trunk that if it were to unleash that power, the resulting blast could level mountains and change the landscape. 
Only certain Pokémon can Gigantamax. In addition to changing the Pokémon’s size, it changes its appearance as well. It works similarly to Mega Evolution.




Gigantamax Duraludon (Japanese: ジュラルドン Duraludon) is a Steel/Dragon-type Pokémon. 
It’s grown to resemble a skyscraper. Parts of its towering body glow due to a profusion of energy. The hardness of its cells is exceptional, even among Steel types. It also has a body structure that’s resistant to earthquakes. 
Only certain Pokémon can Gigantamax. In addition to changing the Pokémon’s size, it changes its appearance as well. It works similarly to Mega Evolution.




Gigantamax Flapple (Japanese: アップリュー Appryu) is a grass/dragon-type Pokémon. 
Under the influence of Gigantamax energy, it produces much more sweet nectar, and its shape has changed to resemble a giant apple. If it stretches its neck, the strong aroma of its nectar pours out. The scent is so sickeningly sweet that one whiff makes other Pokémon faint. 
Only certain Pokémon can Gigantamax. In addition to changing the Pokémon’s size, it changes its appearance as well. It works similarly to Mega Evolution.



Gigantamax Garbodor (Japanese: ダストダス Dustdas) is a Poison-type Pokémon. 
Due to Gigantamax energy, this Pokémon’s toxic gas has become much thicker, congealing into masses shaped like discarded toys. It also sprays toxic gas from its mouth and fingers. If the gas engulfs you, the toxins will seep in all the way down to your bones. 
Only certain Pokémon can Gigantamax. In addition to changing the Pokémon’s size, it changes its appearance as well. It works similarly to Mega Evolution.




Gigantamax Gengar (Japanese: ゲンガー Gangar) is a Ghost/Poison-type Pokémon. 
Rumor has it that its gigantic mouth leads not into its body, filled with cursed energy, but instead directly to the afterlife. It lays traps, hoping to steal the lives of those it catches. If you stand in front of its mouth, you’ll hear your loved ones’ voices calling out to you. 
Only certain Pokémon can Gigantamax. In addition to changing the Pokémon’s size, it changes its appearance as well. It works similarly to Mega Evolution.




Gigantamax Grimmsnarl (Japanese: オーロンゲ Ohlonge) is a Dark/Fairy-type Pokémon. 
Gigantamax energy has caused more hair to sprout all over its body. With the added strength, it can jump over the world’s tallest building. By transforming its leg hair, this Pokémon delivers power-packed drill kicks that can bore huge holes in Galar’s terrain. 
Only certain Pokémon can Gigantamax. In addition to changing the Pokémon’s size, it changes its appearance as well. It works similarly to Mega Evolution.





Gigantamax Hatterene (Japanese: ブリムオン Brimuon) is a Psychic/Fairy-type Pokémon. 
This Pokémon can read the emotions of creatures over 30 miles away. The minute it senses hostility, it goes on the attack. Beams like lightning shoot down from its tentacles. It’s known to some as the Raging Goddess. 
Only certain Pokémon can Gigantamax. In addition to changing the Pokémon’s size, it changes its appearance as well. It works similarly to Mega Evolution.





Gigantamax Kingler (Japanese: キングラー Kingler) is a Water-type Pokémon.
The flow of Gigantamax energy has spurred this Pokémon’s left pincer to grow to an enormous size. That claw can pulverize anything. The bubbles it spews out are strongly alkaline. Any opponents hit by them will have their bodies quickly melted away. 
Only certain Pokémon can Gigantamax. In addition to changing the Pokémon’s size, it changes its appearance as well. It works similarly to Mega Evolution.





Gigantamax Lapras (Japanese: ラプラス Laplace) is a Water/Ice-type Pokémon. It surrounds itself with a huge ring of gathered ice particles. 
It uses the ring to smash any icebergs that might impede its graceful swimming. Over 5,000 people can ride on its shell at once. And it’s a very comfortable ride, without the slightest shaking or swaying. 
Only certain Pokémon can Gigantamax. In addition to changing the Pokémon’s size, it changes its appearance as well. It works similarly to Mega Evolution.





Gigantamax Meowth (Japanese: ニャース Nyarth) is a Normal-type Pokémon.
 Its body has grown incredibly long and the coin on its forehead has grown incredibly large all thanks to Gigantamax power. The pattern that has appeared on its giant coin is thought to be the key to unlocking the secrets of the Dynamax phenomenon. 
Only certain Pokémon can Gigantamax. In addition to changing the Pokémon’s size, it changes its appearance as well. It works similarly to Mega Evolution.




Gigantamax Pikachu (Japanese: ピカチュウ Pikachu) is an Electric-type Pokémon. 
Its Gigantamax power expanded, forming its supersized body and towering tail. When it smashes its opponents with its bolt-shaped tail, it delivers a surge of electricity equivalent to a lightning strike. 
Only certain Pokémon can Gigantamax. In addition to changing the Pokémon’s size, it changes its appearance as well. It works similarly to Mega Evolution.





Gigantamax Orbeetle (Japanese: イオルブ Eolb) is a bug/psychic-type.
Its brain has grown to a gargantuan size, as has the rest of its body. This Pokémon’s intellect and psychic abilities are overpowering. If it were to utilize every last bit of its power, it could control the minds of every living being in its vicinity. 
Only certain Pokémon can Gigantamax. In addition to changing the Pokémon’s size, it changes its appearance as well. It works similarly to Mega Evolution.





Gigantamax Rillaboom (Japanese: ゴリランダー Gorirander) is a Grass-type Pokémon. 
Gigantamax energy has caused Rillaboom’s stump to grow into a drum set that resembles a forest. It has become one with its forest of drums and continues to lay down beats that shake all of Galar. 
Only certain Pokémon can Gigantamax. In addition to changing the Pokémon’s size, it changes its appearance as well. It works similarly to Mega Evolution.




Gigantamax Venusaur (Japanese: フシギバナ Fushigibana) is a Grass/Poison-type Pokémon. 
When Gigantamaxed huge amounts of pollen burst from it with the force of a volcanic eruption. Breathing in too much of the pollen can cause fainting. In battle, this Pokémon swings around two thick vines. If these vines slammed into a 10-story building, they could easily topple it. 
Only certain Pokémon can Gigantamax. In addition to changing the Pokémon’s size, it changes its appearance as well. It works similarly to Mega Evolution.



Gigantamax Butterfree (Japanese: バタフリー Butterfree) is a dual-type Bug/Flying Pokémon.
Crystallized Gigantamax energy makes up this Pokémon’s blindingly bright and highly toxic scales. Once it has opponents trapped in a tornado that could blow away a 10-ton truck, it finishes them off with its poisonous scales. 
Only certain Pokémon can Gigantamax. In addition to changing the Pokémon’s size, it changes its appearance as well. It works similarly to Mega Evolution.




Gigantamax Machamp (Japanese: カイリキー Kairiky) is a Fighting-type Pokémon.
The Gigantamax energy coursing through its arms makes its punches hit as hard as bomb blasts. One of these Pokémon once used its immeasurable strength to lift a large ship that was in trouble. It then carried the ship to port. 
Only certain Pokémon can Gigantamax. In addition to changing the Pokémon’s size, it changes its appearance as well. It works similarly to Mega Evolution.




Gigantamax Eevee (Japanese: イーブイ Eievui) is a Normal-type Pokémon.
Gigantamax energy upped the fluffiness of the fur around Eevee’s neck. The fur will envelop a foe, capturing its body and captivating its mind. Having gotten even friendlier and more innocent, Eevee tries to play with anyone around, only to end up crushing them with its immense body. 
Only certain Pokémon can Gigantamax. In addition to changing the Pokémon’s size, it changes its appearance as well. It works similarly to Mega Evolution.




Gigantamax Melmetal (Japanese: メルメタル Melmetal) is a Steel-type Mythical Pokémon.
In a distant land, there are legends about a cyclopean giant. In fact, the giant was a Melmetal that was flooded with Gigantamax energy. It can send electric beams streaking out from the hole in its belly. The beams’ tremendous energy can vaporize an opponent in one shot. 
Only certain Pokémon can Gigantamax. In addition to changing the Pokémon’s size, it changes its appearance as well. It works similarly to Mega Evolution.



Gigantamax Corviknight (Japanese: アーマーガア Armorga) is a dual-type Flying/Steel Pokémon.
Imbued with Gigantamax energy, its wings can whip up winds more forceful than any a hurricane could muster. The gusts blow everything away. The eight feathers on its back are called blade birds, and they can launch off its body to attack foes independently. 
Only certain Pokémon can Gigantamax. In addition to changing the Pokémon’s size, it changes its appearance as well. It works similarly to Mega Evolution.




Gigantamax Drednaw (Japanese: カジリガメ Kajirigame) is a dual-type Water/Rock Pokémon.
It responded to Gigantamax energy by becoming bipedal. First it comes crashing down on foes, and then it finishes them off with its massive jaws. In the Galar region, there’s a tale about this Pokémon chewing up a mountain and using the rubble to stop a flood. 
Only certain Pokémon can Gigantamax. In addition to changing the Pokémon’s size, it changes its appearance as well. It works similarly to Mega Evolution.




Gigantamax Sandaconda (Japanese: サダイジャ Sadaija) is a Ground-type Pokémon.
Its sand pouch has grown to tremendous proportions. More than 1,000,000 tons of sand now swirl around its body. Sand swirls around its body with such speed and power that it could pulverize a skyscraper. 
Only certain Pokémon can Gigantamax. In addition to changing the Pokémon’s size, it changes its appearance as well. It works similarly to Mega Evolution.




Gigantamax Toxtricity (Japanese: ストリンダー Strinder) is a dual-type Electric/Poison Pokémon.
Its excessive electric energy is its weapon. This Pokémon can build up more electricity than any thundercloud. Out of control after its own poison penetrated its brain, it tears across the land in a rampage, contaminating the earth with toxic sweat.
Only certain Pokémon can Gigantamax. In addition to changing the Pokémon’s size, it changes its appearance as well. It works similarly to Mega Evolution.





Gigantamax Alcremie (Japanese: マホイップ Mawhip) is a Fairy-type Pokémon.
Cream pours endlessly from this Pokémon’s body. The cream stiffens when compressed by an impact. A harder impact results in harder cream. It launches swarms of missiles, each made of cream and loaded with 100,000 kilocalories. Get hit by one of these, and your head will swim.
Only certain Pokémon can Gigantamax. In addition to changing the Pokémon’s size, it changes its appearance as well. It works similarly to Mega Evolution.



Gigantamax Cinderace (Japanese: エースバーン Aceburn) is a Fire-type Pokémon.
Infused with Cinderace's fighting spirit, the gigantic Pyro Ball never misses its targets and completely roasts opponents. Gigantamax energy can sometimes cause the diameter of this Pokémon’s fireball to exceed 300 feet. 
Only certain Pokémon can Gigantamax. In addition to changing the Pokémon’s size, it changes its appearance as well. It works similarly to Mega Evolution.




Gigantamax Inteleon (Japanese: インテレオン Intereon) is a Water-type Pokémon.
Gigantamax Inteleon’s Water Gun move fires at Mach 7. As the Pokémon takes aim, it uses the crest on its head to gauge wind and temperature. It has excellent sniping skills. Shooting a berry rolling along over nine miles away is a piece of cake for this Pokémon.
Only certain Pokémon can Gigantamax. In addition to changing the Pokémon’s size, it changes its appearance as well. It works similarly to Mega Evolution.



Gigantamax Urshifu Single Strike Style (Japanese: ウーラオス Wulaosu) is a Fighting-type Legendary Pokémon.
People call it the embodiment of rage. It’s said that this Pokémon’s terrifying expression and shout will rid the world of malevolence. The energy released by this Pokémon’s fists forms shock waves that can blow away Dynamax Pokémon in just one hit.
Only certain Pokémon can Gigantamax. In addition to changing the Pokémon’s size, it changes its appearance as well. It works similarly to Mega Evolution.


Gigantamax Urshifu Rapid Strike Style (Japanese: ウーラオス Wulaosu) is a Fighting-type Legendary Pokémon.
As it waits for the right moment to unleash its Gigantamax power, this Pokémon maintains a perfect one-legged stance. It won’t even twitch. All it takes is a glare from this Pokémon to take the lives of those with evil in their hearts—or so they say. 
Only certain Pokémon can Gigantamax. In addition to changing the Pokémon’s size, it changes its appearance as well. It works similarly to Mega Evolution.




















MEGA:

Mega Venusaur (Japanese: フシギバナ Fushigibana) is a dual-type Grass/Poison Pokémon.
In order to support its flower, which has grown larger due to Mega Evolution, its back and legs have become stronger. Its plant blooms when it is absorbing solar energy. It stays on the move to seek sunlight.


Mega Charizard Y (Japanese: リザードン Lizardon) is a dual-type Fire/Flying Pokémon.
Its bond with its Trainer is the source of its power. It boasts speed and manoeuvrability greater than that of a jet fighter. It spits fire that is hot enough to melt boulders. It may cause forest fires by blowing flames.


Mega Charizard X (Japanese: リザードン Lizardon) is a dual-type Fire/Dragon Pokémon.
The overwhelming power that fills its entire body causes it to turn black and creates intense blue flames.


Mega Blastoise (Japanese: カメックス Kamex) is a Water-type Pokémon.
The cannon on its back is as powerful as a tank gun. Its tough legs and back enable it to withstand the recoil from firing the cannon. It crushes its foe under its heavy body to cause fainting. In a pinch, it will withdraw inside its shell.


Mega Alakazam (Japanese: フーディン Foodin) is a Psychic-type Pokémon.
As a result of Mega Evolution, its power has been entirely converted into psychic energy, and it has lost all strength in its muscles. Its hidden psychic power has been unleashed. A glance at someone gives it knowledge of the course of that person's life, from birth to death.



Mega Gengar (Japanese: ゲンガー Gangar) is a dual-type Ghost/Poison Pokémon.
Gengar's relationships are warped. It has no interest in opponents unless it perceives them as prey. The energy of Mega Evolution awakened it. It sinks into another dimension, where it keeps a patient watch for its chance to attack.


Mega Kangaskhan (Japanese: ガルーラ Garura) is a Normal-type Pokémon.
Mega Kangaskhan's strength derives from the mother's happiness about her child's growth. Watching it grow up keeps her spirits high. Thanks to Mega Evolution, its child grows. But as the child is good only at fighting and nothing else, its mother feels uneasy about its future.


Mega Pinsir (Japanese: カイロス Kailios) is a Bug-type Pokémon.
The influence of Mega Evolution leaves it in a state of constant excitement. It pierces enemies with its two large horns before shredding them. Bathed in the energy of Mega Evolution, its wings become unusually developed. It flies at speeds of approximately 30 mph.


Mega Gyarados (Japanese: ギャラドス Gyarados) is a dual-type Water/Flying Pokémon.
Mega Evolution also affects its brain, leaving no other function except its destructive instinct to burn everything to cinders. It jets water from the orifices on its sides, streaking above the water surface at supersonic speed. Mega Evolution places a burden on its body. The stress causes it to become all the more ferocious.





Mega Aerodactyl (Japanese: プテラ Ptera) is a dual-type Rock/Flying Fossil Pokémon.
Part of its body has become stone. Some scholars claim that this is Aerodactyl's true appearance. When it Mega Evolves, it becomes more vicious than ever before. Some say that's because its excess of power is causing it pain. It will attack anything that moves. Mega Evolution is a burden on its body, so it's incredibly irritated.



Mega Mewtwo Y (Japanese: ミュウツー Mewtwo) is a Psychic-type Legendary Pokémon.
Mewtwo Y can be very difficult to counter with its strong overall coverage. Despite its diminished size, its mental power has grown phenomenally. It becomes smaller and more closely resembles Mew as its psychic powers are heightened even further. Mewtwo also gains a drastic boost in speed and mobility, becoming much more nimble due to its smaller size. With a mere thought, it can smash a skyscraper to smithereens.


Mega Mewtwo X (Japanese: ミュウツー Mewtwo) is a dual-type Psychic/Fighting Legendary Pokémon.
It evolves via the use of a Mega Stone known as Mewtwonite X. Thanks to the versatility of the other two Mewtwo forms, Mega Mewtwo X can surprise opponents with its presence and hammer them with its very strong attack. Psychic power has augmented its muscles. It has a grip strength of one ton and can sprint a hundred meters in two seconds flat!





Mega Ampharos (Japanese: デンリュウ Denryu) is a dual-type Electric/Dragon Pokémon.
Excess energy from Mega Evolution stimulates its genes, and the wool it had lost grows in again. Massive amounts of energy intensely stimulated Ampharos's cells, apparently awakening its long-sleeping dragon's blood.


Mega Scizor (Japanese: ハッサム Hassam) is a dual-type Bug/Steel Pokémon.
The excess energy that bathes this Pokémon keeps it in constant danger of overflow. It can't sustain a battle over long periods of time. Due to the effects of Mega Evolution, its pincers have taken on a more diabolical form, ripping anything they pinch to shreds.


Mega Heracross (Japanese: ヘラクロス Heracros) is a dual-type Bug/Fighting Pokémon.
It can grip things with its two horns and lift 500 times its own body weight. A tremendous influx of energy builds it up, but when Mega Evolution ends, Heracross is bothered by terrible soreness in its muscles.


Mega Houndoom (Japanese: ヘルガー Hellgar) is a dual-type Dark/Fire Pokémon.
Its red claws and the tips of its tail are melting from high internal temperatures that are painful to Houndoom itself. Houndoom's entire body generates heat when it Mega Evolves. Its fearsome fiery breath turns its opponents to ash.



Mega Tyranitar (Japanese: バンギラス Bangiras) is a dual-type Rock/Dark pseudo-legendary Pokémon.
Due to the colossal power poured into it, this Pokémon's back split right open. Its destructive instincts are the only thing keeping it moving. The effects of Mega Evolution make it more ferocious than ever. It's unclear whether it can even hear its Trainer's orders.


Mega Blaziken (Japanese: バシャーモ Bursyamo) is a dual-type Fire/Fighting Pokémon. 
In battle, Blaziken blows out intense flames from its wrists and attacks foes courageously. The stronger the foe, the more intensely this Pokémon's wrists burn. Blaziken has incredibly strong legs—it can easily clear a 30-story building in one leap. This Pokémon's blazing punches leave its foes scorched and blackened.


Mega Gardevoir (Japanese: サーナイト Sirknight) is a dual-type Psychic/Fairy Pokémon.
It has the power to predict the future. Its power peaks when it is protecting its Trainer. To protect its Trainer, it will expend all its psychic power to create a small black hole.


Mega Mawile (Japanese: クチート Kucheat) is a dual-type Steel/Fairy Pokémon.
It has an extremely vicious disposition. It grips prey in its two sets of jaws and tears them apart with raw power. Its two sets of jaws thrash about violently as if they each had a will of their own. One gnash from them can turn a boulder to dust.






Mega Aggron (Japanese: ボスゴドラ Bossgodora) is a dual-type Steel/Rock Pokémon.
Aggron has a horn sharp enough to perforate thick iron sheets. It brings down its opponents by ramming into them horn first. Long ago, there was a king who wore a helmet meant to resemble the head of an Aggron. He was trying to channel the Pokémon's strength.


Mega Medicham (Japanese: チャーレム Charem) is a dual-type Fighting/Psychic Pokémon.
It is said that through meditation, Medicham heightens energy inside its body and sharpens its sixth sense. This Pokémon hides its presence by merging itself with fields and mountains. Through the power of meditation, Medicham developed its sixth sense. It gained the ability to use psychokinetic powers. This Pokémon is known to meditate for a whole month without eating.


Mega Manectric (Japanese: ライボルト Livolt) is an Electric-type Pokémon.
Mega Evolution fills its body with a tremendous amount of electricity, but it's too much for Manectric to fully control. Too much electricity has built up in its body, irritating Manectric. Its explosive speed is equal to that of a lightning bolt.


Mega Banette (Japanese: ジュペッタ Juppeta) is a Ghost-type Pokémon.
Extraordinary energy amplifies its cursing power to such an extent that it can't help but curse its own Trainer. Mega Evolution increases its vindictiveness, and the cursing power that was held back by its zipper comes spilling out.





Mega Absol (Japanese: アブソル Absol) is a Dark-type Pokémon.
When this Pokémon whips the winglike fur on its back as though beating its wings, it sends an intimidating aura flying at its opponents.
Moon	As the energy of Mega Evolution fills it, its fur bristles. What you see on its back are not true wings, and this Pokémon isn't able to fly.


Mega Latias (Japanese: ラティアス Latias) is a dual-type Dragon/Psychic Legendary Pokémon.
As Mega Latias, the red parts of its body change to purple. Horns grow from the side of its head and run along its jaw. It loses the wings on its back and similar but larger wings attach to its lower arms, normally held in a level position. Triangle shapes now mark the forward point of its wings instead of its chest.


Mega Latios (Japanese: ラティオス Latios) is a dual-type Dragon/Psychic Legendary Pokémon.
As Mega Latios, the blue parts of its body change to purple. Horns grow from the side of its head and run along its jaw. It loses the wings on its back and similar but larger wings attach to its lower arms, normally held in a level position. Triangle shapes now mark the forward point of its wings instead of its chest.


Mega Garchomp (Japanese: ガブリアス Gaburias) is a dual-type Dragon/Ground pseudo-legendary Pokémon.
Excess energy melted its arms and wings, transforming them into giant scythes. Its vaunted wings become scythes, sending it mad with rage. It swings its scythes wildly and slices the ground to pieces.





Mega Lucario (Japanese: ルカリオ Lucario) is a dual-type Fighting/Steel Pokémon. 
Black streaks all over its body show where its auras and the energy of Mega Evolution intermingled and raced through it. It readies itself to face its enemies by focusing its mental energies. Its fighting style can be summed up in a single word: heartless.


Mega Abomasnow (Japanese: ユキノオー Yukinooh) is a dual-type Grass/Ice Pokémon.
It blankets wide areas in snow by whipping up blizzards. It is also known as the Ice Monster. A powerful Pokémon that can split huge boulders with ease. Dislikes associating with others and chooses to live quietly deep within the mountains, playing with the snow.


Mega Beedrill (Japanese: スピアー Spear) is a dual-type Bug/Poison Pokémon.
Its legs have become poison stingers. It stabs its prey repeatedly with the stingers on its limbs, dealing the final blow with the stinger on its rear. Its best attack involves flying around at high speed, striking with poison needles, then flying off.


Mega Pidgeot (Japanese: ピジョット Pigeot) is a dual-type Normal/Flying Pokémon.
With its muscular strength now greatly increased, it can fly continuously for two weeks without resting. By flapping its wings with all its might, Pidgeot can make a gust of wind capable of bending tall trees.


Mega Slowbro (Japanese: ヤドラン Yadoran) is a dual-type Water/Psychic Pokémon.
All the energy from Mega Evolution poured into the Shellder on its tail, leaving Slowpoke to be swallowed whole. When bathed in the energy of Mega Evolution, Shellder converts into impregnable armor. There is virtually no change in Slowpoke.



Mega Steelix (Japanese: ハガネール Haganeil) is a dual-type Steel/Ground Pokémon.
It chews its way through boulders with its sturdy jaws. Its eyes can see in the darkness underground. This Pokémon evolved through use of a strange item. Its body is coated with steel powder and notably hard—not even diamond can leave so much as a scratch.




Mega Sceptile (Japanese: ジュカイン Jukain) is a dual-type Grass/Dragon Pokémon.
The leaves growing on Sceptile's body are very sharp edged. This Pokémon is very agile—it leaps all over the branches of trees and jumps on its foe from above or behind. Sceptile has seeds growing on its back. They are said to be bursting with nutrients that revitalize trees. This Pokémon raises the trees in a forest with loving care.



Mega Swampert (Japanese: ラグラージ Laglarge) is a dual-type Water/Ground Pokémon.
Swampert is very strong. It has enough power to easily drag a boulder weighing more than a ton. This Pokémon also has powerful vision that lets it see even in murky water. Swampert predicts storms by sensing subtle differences in the sounds of waves and tidal winds with its fins. If a storm is approaching, it piles up boulders to protect itself.



Mega Sableye (Japanese: ヤミラミ Yamirami) is a dual-type Dark/Ghost Pokémon.
The jewel from its chest, which has grown gigantic due to the effects of Mega Evolution, can turn back any attack. Supporting a giant heavy jewel, it can't change direction very nimbly and is vulnerable to attack from behind.




Mega Sharpedo (Japanese: サメハダー Samehader) is a dual-type Water/Dark Pokémon.
The spines sprouting from its head are transformed fangs. If they're injured or broken off, the spines will regenerate countless times. As a consequence of Mega Evolution, its combative instincts exploded. The yellow marks it bears are scars from a long history of battles.



Mega Camerupt (Japanese: バクーダ Bakuuda) is a dual-type Fire/Ground Pokémon.
Camerupt has a volcano inside its body. Magma of 18,000 degrees Fahrenheit courses through its body. Occasionally, the humps on this Pokémon's back erupt, spewing the superheated magma. The humps on Camerupt's back are formed by a transformation of its bones. They sometimes blast out molten magma. This Pokémon apparently erupts often when it is enraged.



Mega Altaria (Japanese: チルタリス Tyltalis) is a dual-type Dragon/Flying Pokémon.
It flies gracefully through the sky. Its melodic humming makes you feel like you're in a dream. On sunny days, it flies freely through the sky and blends into the clouds. It sings in a beautiful soprano.




Mega Glalie (Japanese: オニゴーリ Onigohri) is an Ice-type Pokémon.
The excess energy from Mega Evolution spilled over from its mouth, breaking its jaw. It spews endless blizzards. It envelops prey in its mouth, freezing them instantly. But its jaw is dislocated, so it's unable to eat them.





Mega Salamence (Japanese: ボーマンダ Bohmander) is a dual-type Dragon/Flying pseudo-legendary Pokémon.
The stress of its two proud wings becoming misshapen and stuck together because of strong energy makes it go on a rampage. It puts its forelegs inside its shell to streamline itself for flight. Salamence flies at high speeds over all kinds of topographical features.



Mega Metagross (Japanese: メタグロス Metagross) is a dual-type Steel/Psychic pseudo-legendary Pokémon.
This form results from one Metagross, one Metang, and two Beldum linking up. Mega Evolution stimulated its brain. It emerged as a ruthless Pokémon that will clutch at any means of ensuring its victories.


Mega Rayquaza (Japanese: レックウザ Rayquaza) is a dual-type Dragon/Flying Legendary Pokémon.
This is the strongest dragon-type Pokémon in the game. No Pokémon comes with higher base stats; in fact, most Pokémon doesn’t even come close to him. Only Mewtwo's Mega forms match Mega Rayquaza when it comes to base stats. When it comes to Pokémon that can easily win a fight with only their insane base stats, nothing is more overpowered than Mega Rayquaza.



Mega Lopunny (Japanese: ミミロップ Mimilop) is a Normal-type Pokémon.
It swings its ears like whips and strikes its enemies with them. It has an intensely combative disposition. Mega Evolution awakens its combative instincts. It has shed any fur that got in the way of its attacks.



Mega Gallade (Japanese: エルレイド Erureido) is a dual-type Psychic/Fighting Pokémon.
Having access to Swords Dance allows Mega Gallade to boost its Attack stat to even higher levels, which can make it difficult for defensive teams to take on. Gardevoir and Gallade both have amazing stats, good moves, and sweeper potential. Gardevoir's typing is slightly better, while Gallade's Speed is superior to Gardevoir's.



Mega Audino (Japanese: タブンネ Tabunne) is a Normal-type Pokémon. 
Using the feelers on its ears, it can tell how someone is feeling or when an egg might hatch. It touches others with the feelers on its ears, using the sound of their heartbeats to tell how they are feeling.




Mega Diancie (Japanese: ディアンシー Diancie) is a dual-type Rock/Fairy Mythical Pokémon.
A sudden transformation of Carbink, its pink, glimmering body is said to be the loveliest sight in the whole world. It can instantly create many diamonds by compressing the carbon in the air between its hands.
























ALOLAN:

Alolan Rattata (Japanese: コラッタ Koratta) is a dual-type Dark/Normal regional form.
With its incisors, it gnaws through doors and infiltrates people's homes. Then, with a twitch of its whiskers, it steals whatever food it finds. When the sun goes down, it becomes active. It runs around town on a chase for good food for the boss of its nest—Raticate.


Alolan Raticate (Japanese: ラッタ Ratta) is a dual-type Dark/Normal regional form.
It forms a group of Rattata, which it assumes command of. Each group has its own territory, and disputes over food happen often. This gourmet Pokémon is particular about the taste and freshness of its food. Restaurants where Raticate live have a good reputation.



Alolan Raichu (Japanese: ライチュウ Raichu) is a dual-type Electric/Psychic regional form.
It only evolves to this form in the Alola region. According to researchers, its diet is one of the causes of this change. It uses psychokinesis to control electricity. It hops aboard its own tail, using psychic power to lift the tail and move about while riding it.


Alolan Sandshrew (Japanese: サンド Sand) is a dual-type Ice/Steel regional form.
It lives on snowy mountains. Its steel shell is very hard—so much so, it can't roll its body up into a ball. An ancient tradition of Alolan festivals, still carried on to this day, is a competition to slide Sandshrew across ice as far as one can.


Alolan Sandslash (Japanese: サンドパン Sandpan) is a dual-type Ice/Steel regional form.
Fleeing a volcanic eruption, it settled on a snowy mountain. As it races through the snowfields, it sends up a spray of snow. This Pokémon's steel spikes are sheathed in ice. Stabs from these spikes cause deep wounds and severe frostbite as well.



Alolan Vulpix (Japanese: ロコン Rokon) is an Ice-type regional form.
If you carelessly approach it because it's cute, the boss of the pack, Ninetales, will appear and freeze you. They live together in a skulk, helping one another. Before eating their prey, they freeze it solid with their –58 degree Fahrenheit breath.


Alolan Ninetales (Japanese: キュウコン Kyukon) is a dual-type Ice/Fairy regional form.
It creates drops of ice in its coat and showers them over its enemies. Anyone who angers it will be frozen stiff in an instant. Possessing a calm demeanor, this Pokémon was revered as a deity incarnate before it was identified as a regional variant of Ninetales.


Alolan Diglett (Japanese: ディグダ Digda) is a dual-type Ground/Steel regional form.
Its head sports an altered form of whiskers made of metal. Although it's powerful enough to dig right through volcanic rock, it doesn't allow itself to be seen very often. The need to dig through volcanic rock in the ground has made them more powerful than the Diglett of other regions.


Alolan Dugtrio (Japanese: ダグトリオ Dugtrio) is a dual-type Ground/Steel regional form.
Its shining gold hair provides it with protection. It's reputed that keeping any of its fallen hairs will bring bad luck. These Pokémon are cherished in the Alola region, where they are thought to be feminine deities of the land incarnate.

Alolan Meowth (Japanese: ニャース Nyarth) is a Dark-type regional form.
This Pokémon was not originally found in Alola. Human actions caused a surge in their numbers, and they went feral. They're prideful and crafty. 


Alolan Persian (Japanese: ペルシアン Persian) is a Dark-type regional form.
Its round face and smooth coat—softer than the most high-class velvet—have made this a very popular Pokémon in Alola. It looks down on everyone other than itself. Its preferred tactics are sucker punches and blindside attacks.


Alolan Geodude (Japanese: イシツブテ Isitsubute) is a dual-type Rock/Electric regional form.
Its body is a magnetic stone. Iron sand attaches firmly to the portions of its body that are particularly magnetic. If you accidentally step on a Geodude sleeping on the ground, you'll hear a crunching sound and feel a shock ripple through your entire body.


Alolan Graveler (Japanese: ゴローン Golone) is a dual-type Rock/Electric regional form.
Its preferred food is dravite. After it has eaten this mineral, crystals form inside the Pokémon, rising to the surface of part of its body. They eat rocks and often get into a scrap over them. The shock of Graveler smashing together causes a flash of light and a booming noise.


Alolan Golem (Japanese: ゴローニャ Golonya) is a dual-type Rock/Electric regional form.
It fires rocks charged with electricity. Even if the rock isn't fired that accurately, just grazing an opponent will cause numbness and fainting. Because it can't fire boulders at a rapid pace, it's been known to seize nearby Geodude and fire them from its back.



Alolan Grimer (Japanese: ベトベター Betbeter) is a dual-type Poison/Dark regional form.
There are a hundred or so of them living in Alola's waste-disposal site. They're all hard workers who eat a lot of trash. Brought to Alola to solve the garbage problem, Grimer seems to relish any and all kinds of trash.



Alolan Muk (Japanese: ベトベトン Betbeton) is a dual-type Poison/Dark regional form.
The garbage it eats causes continuous chemical changes in its body, which produce its exceedingly vivid coloration. While it's unexpectedly quiet and friendly, if it's not fed any trash for a while, it will smash its Trainer's furnishings and eat up the fragments.


Alolan Exeggutor (Japanese: ナッシー Nassy) is a dual-type Grass/Dragon regional form.
Alola is the best environment for this Pokémon. Local people take pride in its appearance, saying this is how Exeggutor ought to look. As it grew taller and taller, it outgrew its reliance on psychic powers, while within it awakened the power of the sleeping dragon.


Alolan Marowak (Japanese: ガラガラ Garagara) is a dual-type Fire/Ghost regional form.
The bones it possesses were once its mother's. Its mother's regrets have become like a vengeful spirit protecting this Pokémon. Its custom is to mourn its lost companions. Mounds of dirt by the side of the road mark the graves of the Marowak.






















Galarian: 


Galarian Meowth (Japanese: ニャース Nyarth) is a Steel-type regional form.
Living with a savage, seafaring people has toughened this Pokémon's body so much that parts of it have turned to iron. These daring Pokémon have coins on their foreheads. Darker coins are harder, and harder coins garner more respect among Meowth.


Galarian Ponyta (Japanese: ポニータ Ponyta) is a Psychic-type regional form.
Its small horn hides a healing power. With a few rubs from this Pokémon's horn, any slight wound you have will be healed. This Pokémon will look into your eyes and read the contents of your heart. If it finds evil there, it promptly hides away.


Galarian Rapidash (Japanese: ギャロップ Gallop) is a dual-type Psychic/Fairy regional form.
Little can stand up to its psycho cut. Unleashed from this Pokémon's horn, the move will punch a hole right through a thick metal sheet. Brave and prideful, this Pokémon dashes airily through the forest, its steps aided by the psychic power stored in the fur on its fetlocks.



Galarian Farfetch'd (Japanese: カモネギ Kamonegi) is a Fighting-type regional form.
The Farfetch'd of the Galar region are brave warriors, and they wield thick, tough leeks in battle. The stalks of leeks are thicker and longer in the Galar region. Farfetch'd that adapted to these stalks took on a unique form.



Galarian Weezing (Japanese: マタドガス Matadogas) is a dual-type Poison/Fairy regional form.
This Pokémon consumes particles that contaminate the air. Instead of leaving droppings, it expels clean air. Long ago, during a time when droves of factories fouled the air with pollution, Weezing changed into this form for some reason.


Galarian Mr. Mime (Japanese: バリヤード Barrierd) is a dual-type Ice/Psychic regional form.
Its talent is tap-dancing. It can also manipulate temperatures to create a floor of ice, which this Pokémon can kick up to use as a barrier. It can radiate chilliness from the bottoms of its feet. It'll spend the whole day tap-dancing on a frozen floor.



Galarian Corsola (Japanese: サニーゴ Sunnygo) is a Ghost-type regional form.
Watch your step when wandering areas oceans once covered. What looks like a stone could be this Pokémon, and it will curse you if you kick it. Sudden climate change wiped out this ancient kind of Corsola. This Pokémon absorbs others' life-force through its branches.




Galarian Zigzagoon (Japanese: ジグザグマ Jiguzaguma) is a dual-type Dark/Normal regional form.
Its restlessness has it constantly running around. If it sees another Pokémon, it will purposely run into them in order to start a fight. Thought to be the oldest form of Zigzagoon, it moves in zigzags and wreaks havoc upon its surroundings.



Galarian Linoone (Japanese: マッスグマ Massuguma) is a dual-type Dark/Normal regional form.
It uses its long tongue to taunt opponents. Once the opposition is enraged, this Pokémon hurls itself at the opponent, tackling them forcefully. This very aggressive Pokémon will recklessly challenge opponents stronger than itself.



Galarian Darumaka (Japanese: ダルマッカ Darumakka) is a Ice-type regional form.
It lived in snowy areas for so long that its fire sac cooled off and atrophied. It now has an organ that generates cold instead. The colder they get, the more energetic they are. They freeze their breath to make snowballs, using them as ammo for playful snowball fights.



Galarian Darmanitan (Japanese: ヒヒダルマ Hihidaruma) is a Ice-type regional form. 
On days when blizzards blow through, it comes down to where people live. It stashes food in the snowball on its head, taking it home for later. Though it has a gentle disposition, it's also very strong. It will quickly freeze the snowball on its head before going for a headbutt.



Galarian Darmanitan Zen Mode (Japanese: ヒヒダルマ Hihidaruma) dual-type Fire/Psychic regional form.
Anger has reignited its atrophied flame sac. This Pokémon spews fire everywhere as it rampages indiscriminately. Darmanitan takes this form when enraged. It won't stop spewing flames until its rage has settled, even if its body starts to melt.


Galarian Yamask (Japanese: デスマス Desumasu) is a dual-type Ground/Ghost regional form.
A clay slab with cursed engravings took possession of a Yamask. The slab is said to be absorbing the Yamask's dark power. It's said that this Pokémon was formed when an ancient clay tablet was drawn to a vengeful spirit.


Galarian Stunfisk (Japanese: マッギョ Maggyo) is a dual-type Ground/Steel regional form.
Living in mud with a high iron content has given it a strong steel body. Its conspicuous lips lure prey in as it lies in wait in the mud. When prey gets close, Stunfisk clamps its jagged steel fins down on them.


Galarian Slowpoke (Japanese: ヤドン Yadon) is a pure Psychic-type regional form.
Although this Pokémon is normally zoned out, its expression abruptly sharpens on occasion. The cause for this seems to lie in Slowpoke's diet. Because Galarian Slowpoke eat the seeds of a plant that grows only in Galar, their tails have developed a spicy flavour.


Galarian Slowbro (Japanese: ヤドラン Yadoran) is a dual-type Poison/Psychic regional form.
A Shellder bite set off a chemical reaction with the spices inside Slowbro's body, causing Slowbro to become a Poison-type Pokémon. If this Pokémon squeezes the tongue of the Shellder biting it, the Shellder will launch a toxic liquid from the tip of its shell.


Galarian Slowking (Japanese: ヤドキング Yadoking) is a dual-type Poison/Psychic regional form.
A combination of toxins and the shock of evolving has increased Shellder's intelligence to the point that Shellder now controls Slowking. While chanting strange spells, this Pokémon combines its internal toxins with what it's eaten, creating strange potions.


Galarian Articuno (Japanese: フリーザー Freezer) is a dual-type Psychic/Flying regional form.
Its feather-like blades are composed of psychic energy and can shear through thick iron sheets as if they were paper. Known as Articuno, this Pokémon fires beams that can immobilize opponents as if they had been frozen solid.


Galarian Zapdos (Japanese: サンダー Thunder) is a dual-type Fighting/Flying regional form.
When its feathers rub together, they produce a crackling sound like the zapping of electricity. That's why this Pokémon is called Zapdos. One kick from its powerful legs will pulverize a dump truck. Supposedly, this Pokémon runs through the mountains at over 180 mph.



Galarian Moltres (Japanese: ファイヤー Fire) is a dual-type Dark/Flying regional form.
This Pokémon's sinister, flame-like aura will consume the spirit of any creature it hits. Victims become burned-out shadows of themselves. The sinister aura that blazes like molten fire around this Pokémon is what inspired the name Moltres.













































































































































